{
body:{[org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison], [isOutside,getInfo2,getAnchor1,dJointCreatePlane2D,getInfo1,createPlane,read,getLimot2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,setRelativeValues,dJointSetSliderAxis,getAngle,dJointSetPRAxis2,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,getFarthestFeature,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dJointSetPistonAxis,solveTOI,addRelForceAtPos,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,update,dInitColliders,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,isOnIsland,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,setAxes,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,toString,allow,getReactionForce,getQuaternion,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getTorque,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,setMatrix4,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,makeProbe,addBody,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),write,DxJointDHinge(C),DxJointTransmission(C),toString,PLANE_CLIP_SEGMENT_CLOSEST,addLimot,testCollision,generateUniforms,getInfo2,setXParamFMax,isMotorEnabled,collide,collide2,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),computeFrictionVectors,computeCurrentHingeAngle,SliderJointInfo(C),dotCol,Impulse(C),getTriangleCount,getNormalImpulse,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,dIsPositiveDefinite,initialize,addFaceCandidate,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,JointInfo(C),getRotation,DxJointFixed(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,clearUpperTriangle,BallAndSocketJoint(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),solve,isCollisionEnabled,updateGeometry,HingeJointInfo(C),onStop,getTriangleCount,Segment(C),mixFriction,equals,initBeforeSolve,distance,scaleMatrix,Triangle(C),computeFromTris,dInvertMatrix3,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,dVector3LengthSquare,degenPrologue,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,CheckSATConvexFaces,toString,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),convertElementMode,makeGeometry,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,cloneForSpatial,read,AnimationEvent(C),getRotationSpeed,addToRootBone,setRotationSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,onStop,getTriangleCount,getBone2,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,addPoint,pointInsideTriangle,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,getRadius1,setWarmStartDistance,read,setMeshType,influenceParticle,write,toString,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,isPointInTriangle,solveVelocityContraints,Ellipse(C),getI,create,createMass,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,toAngleAxis,call,getAxes,rotate,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,updateListenerParam,getI,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,updateAABB,getAxes,checkCulling,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),computeFromTris,updateGeometry,write,read,updateGeometry,controlRenderHardware,read,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),writeConnections,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,read,SkeletonDebugger(C),_cldTestSeparatingAxes,getPoint,dTestSolveLCP,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,testCollision,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,DxGimpact(C),Fixture(C),rotate,interpolatePath,computeAABB,raycast,raycast,getFlyByCamera,gim_trimesh_get_triangle_count,read,setMeshes,read,deepClone,getType,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,isDegenerateTriangle,createRightTriangle,computeAngleParameters,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getTriangulation,getPrevious,DVector3Tovec3f,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,rotateAboutCenter,multAcross,setRotationSpeed,DESTRUCTOR,LightList(C),DESTRUCTOR,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,_cldTestEdge,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getAxes,rotate,distanceSquaredTo,collideWith,collideWith,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,setParams,write,distance,deepClone,ccdCollide,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getRadius,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,distanceToNearPlane,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,write,WireSphere(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,getAxes,mergeGeometries,updateFrustumPoints2,addNormal,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,collideWithBoundingVolume,computeLastDistance,add,lengthSquared,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),read,setSpatial,dColliderFn,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,penEPAPos,intersect,dRSetIdentity,updateInstances,setPoi,setParams,dColliderFn,initParticleData,fixRefreshFlags,distanceSquared,rotate,lerp,distanceSquared,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,initParticleData,set,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setCamera,setCamera,dColliderFn,lengthSquare,onAction,dColliderFn,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,modifyTexture,toString,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadModel,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,render,write,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,loadModel,extractIndirectLights,getData,render,getCurrentCamera,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,initParticleData,setLeftPlane,collideWith,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,read,dRFromEulerAngles,fromOpenGL,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,setValue,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,isAllowed,attachChild,read,dColliderFn,render,init,distanceSquared,render,read,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,reset,,getShadowCam,updateAverageLuminance,setCamera,dColliderFn,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),preFrame,renderShadowMap,preFrame,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,postFrame,createClone,,R,createSky,findEmitter,setSpatial,setSpatial,write,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,CONSTRUCTPLANE,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dColliderFn,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,calcScreenArea,initialize,controlUpdate,postFrame,write,setPostShadowParams,,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,read,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,getTargetVertexIndex,collide,getShadowCamera,dLDLTAddTL,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dColliderFn,link,dColliderFn,last,write,setEnabled,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,render,instance,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,registerBinding,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,read,cloneForSpatial,distanceSquared,write,write,readList,read,distance,getCapsule,updateGeometry,write,read,read,write,read,read,setSpatial,setPlanePoints,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,distance,addOccluders,computeZFar,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,cloneFields,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,cloneForSpatial,duUpdateGeometryNormals,StripBox(C),attachScene,cleanup,setCamera,filterLights,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,decompose,SnapshotJob(C),getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,visit,createCopy,getNormal,run,distanceToCam,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,setConvex,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,MotionTrack(C),setEnabled,compare]},
matrix:{[org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory], [setSphereTotal,dQSetIdentity,dMakeRandomVector,dGeomSetQuaternion,dMakeRandomVector,clearUpperTriangle,TRIANGLE_PLANE,dNormalize4,dMassSetCapsule,modifyTexture,viewCol,FetchTriangleCount,dCollideBTL,dRemoveRowCol,read,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),equals,dRemoveRowCol,swapProblem,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,dClipPolyToCircle,write,equals,dBoxBox,viewCol,dCollideBTL,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,Transform(C),R,dQMultiply1,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,setOrientation,read,Rw,Eigen3f(C),equals,subtract,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setTexture,setInverseRotationDegrees,lengthSquared,renderScene,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,dColliderFn,render,step,triangulate,write,getMass,updateUniformBindings,write,getAxes,createPolygonalCapsule,lengthSquared,ray_sphere_helper,dCollideCylinderBox,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,read,read,testHardwareSupported,loadCapabilitiesGL2,clearValue,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dColliderFn,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,setQuaternion,Spatial(C),make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,RigidBody(C),Quaternion(C),buildMatCache,write,oldClone,DxJointFixed(C),dJointSetDBallAnchor2,setAxes,dJointGetPRAnchor,getAnchor,createFrustum,computeOffset,dJointSetPistonAxisDelta,write,doBatch,solveVelocityConstraints,getReactionTorque,addOccluders,computeZFar,BasicShadowRenderer(C),DVector3ColView(C),Body(C),SOR_LCP,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getNumJoints,getPointDepth,onPause,getValueAsString,PerformCollisionChecking,getRadius,warmStart,write,getRelativeRotation,FetchTransformedTriangle,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,warmstart,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,initializeConstraints,getAngularError,getRelativeRotation,setTransformRefresh,read,write,write,read,collideWithTri,degenPrologue,gim_aabbset_box_collision,GetSupportSide,getTriangleIndex,collideWith,read,render,render,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,WheelJoint(C),SliderJoint(C),FixedJoint(C),dColliderFn,enableMotor,dColliderFn,addUniversalJoint,addFaceCandidate,setEulerReferenceVectors,dColliderFn,dConnectingJointList,connectingJoint,dColliderFn,read,write,rotateCamera,addToRootBone,setRotationSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,read,setupTextureSwizzle,read,write,setSourceParams,read,getRotation,read,getVelocity,write,write,computeLastDistance,write,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,dColliderFn,getBone,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,setKeyframes,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,updateGeometry,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,SkeletonDebugger(C),addJointToBody,AssignInfo,Island(C),ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),add,write,dColliderFn,read,addNormal,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,AbstractCollidable(C),createMass,contains,getRadius,updateLength,getRadius,PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,Joint(C),from,initializeConstraints,addTorques,initializeConstraints,addTorque,read,loadGuiFont,setBody2,setRotationSpeed,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,toString,lerp,read,makeGeometry,getInfo2,dJointSetHingeAnchorDelta,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,dJointSetDHingeAxis,clone,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,setToleranceAngle,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,setInBuffer,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,getRotation,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getPoint,getYMonotonePolygons,BoundingSphereDebug(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToObj,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,toString,clone,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,collideWithVertex,solveVelocityContraints,contains,read,dColliderFn,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),getReceivers,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getReceivers,getReceivers,setShaderFile,controlUpdate,intersectsSphere,setOwner,write,write,write,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),render,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),render,intersectsFrustum,filterLights,JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,distanceToCam,populateProbes,getInfo2,read,render,setEnabled,read,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadFont,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,buildShader,read,write,getVertexUniforms,read,loadFont,getData,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,getBody2,ContactPoint(C),mixFriction,equals,BodyFixture(C),initializeContactConstraints,setConvex,getInfo2,read,read,getRadius2,MotionTrack(C),init,decompose,BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,setLightListRefresh,reload,read,createClone,,rotate,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getRadius1,dColliderFn,getInertia,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,CreateCatmullRomPath,read,SetData,cloneForSpatial,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dCollideSpherePlane,renderProcessing,updateProbe,calcScreenArea,addLimot,dColliderFn,reset,,last,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,setTime,getTargetVertexIndex,clone,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,read,deepClone,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),renderProcessing,collideWith,collideWith,addToInstancedGeometry,visit,createMass,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,setNumAxes,getAxes,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),getTangentialImpulse,toString,SliderJointInfo(C),write,isZero,raycast,CylinderShape(C),add,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,isEqualTo,lengthSquared,createCopy,getNormal,run,SnapshotJob(C),removeProcessor,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,BoxShape(C),controlUpdate,buildAnimation,set,getRelativeRotation,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolverData(C),getRandomPoint,Fixture(C),triangulate,getRadius,setTextureMode,updateGeometry,getOuterRadius,cleanup,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,read,Quad(C),compare,triangulate,compare,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,write,isEmpty,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,getRadius,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getInnerRadius,clone,intersect,getQuaternion,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,reloadMaterial,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,computeNarrowPhase,addObject,removePair,updateObject,getFormatsForCaps,link,collide,solve,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),JointInfo(C),onAction,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,HingeJointInfo(C),gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,testCollision,dCollideCapsuleSphere,read,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,merge,filterLights,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,isOutside,setArg,isAllowed,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,testCollision,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),distanceToCam,initialize,loadFpsText,Impulse(C),render,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,createSky]},
capsule:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection], [FetchTransformedTriangle,computeAABB,convertToHalf,isVelocityFromTranslation,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,getDuration,setRotationSpeed,write,updateInstance,createNode,computeVertices,intersectsSphere,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,intersectsWherePlane,postFrame,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),getModelBindInverseTransform,write,intersectsSphere,fillFloatBuffer,getMaterial,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getWrapMode,fromRotationMatrix,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,disableDebugShape,rotateAroundOrigin,setInverseRotationRadians,intersectsSphere,getPage,read,read,createSimpleClone,rotateCameraAligned,write,equals,read,getReceivers,initEvent,setMaterial,read,setSpatial,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,orthogonalLineFit,Triangle(C),deepClone,controlRenderHardware,preFrame,isOnPlane,setTime,getLight,write,preFrame,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createPolygonalSlice,computeAABB,write,write,read,clone,getDefinition,merge,getWorldBound,setTexture,distance,getInfo2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getNumJoints,cloneForSpatial,setEnableCurrentCam,isEmpty,getVolume,getBone,setKeyframes,computeLastDistance,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,intersectWhere,setCamera,needsDirection,onPlay,getSpeed,getWorldOffsetPosr,applyTorque,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,dCollideCapsuleSphere,invert,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,deepClone,setEnabled,setOwner,getReceivers,getReceivers,getReceivers,write,createMass,run,PQTorus(C),Dome(C),createPistonJoint,getI,updateGeometry,averagePoints,computeLastDistance,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,getRandomPoint,random,updateGeometry,CheckSATConvexFaces,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,setGeometryData,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,read,setCol,dCollideCapsulePlane,getColor,loadMaterial,initialize,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,setRotateSpeed,influenceParticle,setBound,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,spatialTolight,dMassSetCylinder,getSpeed,getBone,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,SkeletonWire(C),gim_triangle_triangle_collision,SkeletonDebugger(C),computeGlobalAxes,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,contains,setShaderFile,getAnchor2,setMaterial,getJoints,updateParticleData,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,loadCapabilitiesGL2,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,modifyTexture,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,buildShader,render,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,render,onMeshDrawn,transformDirection,renderGeometry,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,isEmpty,render,render,getSimplex,intersectsSphere,setPoi,render,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,collideWith,populateProbes,isZero,raycast,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRestitutionVelocity,ConvexMeshShape(C),add,getMatrix,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dClipPolyToCircle,reset,,updateProbe,getRadius,decompose,addNormal,getInertia,BoxShape(C),getRotation,getDistanceSquare,generate,R,setMatParams,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,call,glFramebufferTextureLayer,setMotorSpeed,,dBodySetTorque,getAngularTranslation,calculateEigen,dCalcVectorDot3_14,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,equals,Slice(C),contains,SetData,dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,computeInitialRelativeRotation,asin,invoke,setAxisDelta,getReferenceFace,getFormatsForCaps,_cldInitCylinderBox,dCollideHeightfield,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,dCollideBTL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideBTL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,updateAverageLuminance,computeMixedFrictionCoefficient,SEGMENT_COLLISION,getGeometry,ungroupSceneGraph,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,Quad(C),reload,compare,merge,setAngularTarget,triangulate,ContactManifold(C),ContactPoint(C),resetBodiesForceAndTorque,mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,BodyFixture(C),getRadius,dRFromEulerAngles,getBody,fromOpenGL,createVector3Buffer,dPrintMatrix,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMakeRandomMatrix,isAllowed,init,computeGlobalAxes,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,getAnchor1,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,toString,getAnchor1,GJKAlgorithm(C),DistanceJoint(C),setBall,setMotorSpeed,setMotorSpeed,getJointAngle,setMotorSpeed,getInfo2,dJointAddHinge2Torques,dJointCreatePiston,setNumAxes,dJointAddUniversalTorques,getRotation,updateLength,updateListenerParam,getVelocity,getVelocity,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,processTriangles,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),toString,addTorques,RigidBody(C),addTorque,solveVelocityConstraints,addTorques,dJointAddPRTorque,addTorque,setParams,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,distanceToCam,process,computeZFar,MotionTrack(C),updateFrustumPoints,getRotation,render,getI,getRadius,updateAABB,rotate,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,getRotationSpeed,cloneForSpatial,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,dColliderFn,initialize,getShadowCamera,last,contains,getAxis,detect,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),getTargetVertexIndex,dColliderFn,computeInitialRelativeRotation,registerBinding,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),FOO2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,setRotationSpeed,initCamera,collideWithTriangle,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),makeGeometry,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,computeAABB,getRadius,rotate,addFixture,equals,newBodiesIndexPair,solve,setCamera,clear,collideWith,collideWith,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,setMode,AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dJointSetDHingeAxis,WarmStartingContactManager(C),initBeforeSolve,swapProblem,SnapshotJob(C),removeProcessor,link,getInfo2,setAxes,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,visit,addKeyFrameTransform,dRSetIdentity,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,testCollision,collideWith,solveVelocityContraints,Fixture(C),dLDLTRemove,render,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Joints,run,isCollisionEnabled,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeInitialRelativeRotation,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,solveVelocityConstraint,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,collision,collision,collision,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,JointInfo(C),testCollision,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,Impulse(C),dotCol,createSky,raycast,raycast,cleanup,TST2,InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,collide,getInfo2,addLimot,calcScreenArea,setEnabled,viewCol,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,viewCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,isOutside,setConvex,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,ThreadedProcessJobStart,HingeJointInfo(C),checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),filterLights,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,SliderJointInfo(C),DVector3ColView(C),intersect]},
shader:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact], [R,isVarying,setTexture,init,updateProbe,updateAverageLuminance,updateShadowCams,write,postQueue,updateShadowCams,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),intersectsSphere,setViewProjection,read,getLocalToWorldMatrix,spatialTolight,intersectsSphere,write,setOwner,write,write,write,setWorldMatrix,intersectsSphere,computeBlendFactors,update,populateProbes,intersectsSphere,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),updateLightListUniforms,intersectsBox,intersectsSphere,filterLights,JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,setRotationSpeed,distanceToCam,computeWorldMatrix,populateProbes,rotate,reset,,convertWrapMode,render,transformDirection,updateLightListUniforms,write,write,,read,read,loadFont,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,loadFont,onMeshDrawn,read,LastTextureState(C),read,write,getPassMaterial,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,collideWith,getRadius,bindImage,getTexture,createOffCamera,glFramebufferTextureLayer,RevoluteJoint(C),setFacingVelocity,read,,dBodyGetMass,SupportIndex,getAngularSpeed,getValueAsString,setAlignment,getMaterialParams,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,makeCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),raycast,postFrame,write,write,getFrictionCoefficient,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,clearValue,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),collideWith,postQueue,updateWorldBound,reload,createClone,,setSpeed,setEnabled,read,loadGuiFont,setZoomSpeed,update,updateFrustumPoints,dCROSS,filterLights,reloadMaterial,setSpeed,getFormatsForCaps,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,getReactionForce,attachScene,cleanup,onGeometryUnassociated,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,disableDebugShape,getRotationRadius,loadFpsText,initVertexData,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),cloneForSpatial,setRotation,write,read,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,rotateAxial,read,setUserData,computeAABB,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),getTransformMatrix,visit,calcTexArea,MotionTrack(C),distanceToCam,getInterBoneWires,getGeometry,add,updateInstance,rotate,compare,CollisionResult(C),setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,computeVertices,Quad(C),compare,gim_aabbset_update,triangulate,MotorJoint(C),getRadius,triangulate,createNode,createSky,computeZFar,render,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,dCollideHeightfieldZone,controlUpdate,setCol,createMass,ContactSolver(C),getRadius2,hertelMehlhorn,getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,dCollide,toRotationMatrix,applyForce,getSpeed,getBone,updateGeometry,getBone,getOffsetTransform,updateGeometry,BoneTrack(C),DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,SkeletonWire(C),GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,dJointAddAMotorTorques,getVolume,setTime,write,read,collideWith,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,set,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getCapsule,write,rotateAroundOrigin,toRotationMatrix,read,read,write,read,read,intersectsSphere,orthogonalLineFit,getNormal,deepClone,setPlanePoints,getCapsule,computeAABB,write,write,read,intersectsSphere,project,updateTargetDistance,getRotation,setWorldMatrix,isVelocityFromTranslation,convertToHalf,contains,getRadius,getRadius,getOuterRadius,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,isZero,raycast,getRadius,getRestitutionVelocity,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,Quaternion(C),getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,getRadius,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,initBeforeSolve,_cldClipping,dVector3Cross,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,solveVelocityConstraints,WeldJoint(C),getRotation,getRandomPointAndNormal,intersectBrute,setVelocity,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,addTorques,getAxes,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,getInfo2,setNumAxes,connectingJoint,getAxes,rotate,getAxes,getFarthestFeature,AXES(C),solveVelocityConstraints,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,fromTransformMatrix,dRfromQ,addTimeRotation,getRotation,BodyFixture(C),Fixture(C),AbstractCollidable(C),getInfo2,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getFarthestFeature,validate,createMass,ccdGeomToCyl,getMass,collideWith,MakeMatrix,getRandomPoint,getInnerRadius,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,toString,BoxShape(C),_cldClipBoxToCylinder,contains,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dColliderFn,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,run,isEnabledAndDynamic,hashCode,dCollideCapsulePlane,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),setZoomSpeed,createMass,rotate,addFixture,toString,newBodiesIndexPair,computeClosestPointOfObject,testAndAddDiscContact,raycast,raycast,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,setSourceParams,Listener(C),getVelocity,integrateRigidBodiesVelocities,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,GJKAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,computeInitialRelativeRotation,setAxisDelta,computeInitialRelativeRotation,getInfo2,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,dxStepIsland_Stage2b,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dRemoveRowCol,run,DxWorld(C),Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,collideWith,_CalculateAxis,dJointSetFixed,CapsuleShape(C),getRadius1,dConnectingJointList,initParticleData,set,setAxes,collide,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,viewCol,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dRemoveRowCol,equals,checkFactorization,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dBoxBox,viewCol,CONSTRUCTPLANE,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRFromAxisAndAngle,setOrientation,Eigen3f(C),dCollideBoxPlane,triangulate,getMass,initParticleData,render,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,copyRotation,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,onAction,setFrictionImpulse2,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,translate,add,getHeightfieldData,setConvex,intersect,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getBezierP1toP2Length,getPrevious,getBody,createVector3Buffer,setArg,isAllowed,addNormal,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,link,lengthSquared,computeAABB,getInfo2,enableMotor,PrismaticJoint(C),enableMotor,initializeConstraints,getTargetVertexIndex,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),addContactPoint,getPointDepth,fromBoundingSphere,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,penEPAPos,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,ConstraintSolver(C),makeGeometry,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,getInfo2,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,calcScreenArea,compute_invM_JT,solveVelocityConstraint,mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),DVector3ColView(C),solveVelocityConstraints,toString,addTorques,addTorque,solveVelocityConstraints,addTorques,addTorque,AssignInfo,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,HingeJointInfo(C),impulseToForce,getTangentialImpulse,toString,ThreadedProcessJobStart,addLimot,solvePositionContraints,isOutside,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,collideWith,ConstraintSolverData(C),updateParticleData,Impulse(C),SliderJointInfo(C),solve,getInfo2]},
quaternion:{[com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo], [write,dMultiply0_133,lengthSquared,write,dRFromEulerAngles,getMatrix,getCollideBits,oppositeLocal,getBody,fromOpenGL,dCollideSpheres,createVector3Buffer,dPrintMatrix,setArg,invert,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dGeomGetCollideBits,dMakeRandomMatrix,getMass,read,ccdCollide,isAllowed,onStop,getConvexDecomposition,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,isEnabledAndDynamic,buildAnimation,Listener(C),copy,dRSetIdentity,oldClone,Rotation(C),MotionEvent(C),onAction,onFrustumChange,getClosestCollision,getLocalPointOnBody2,ChaseCameraAppState(C),getInfo1,zoomCamera,fillFloatBuffer,updateInstances,write,computeOffset,getInfo1,getInfo2,initParticleData,getRotationSpeed,initParticleData,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),createMass,rotate,setWarmStartDistance,setLimitEnabled,contains,setLowerLimit,createMass,createMass,getInfo1,Light(C),read,fixRefreshFlags,render,add,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,_cldClipPolyToPlane,createMass,distanceSquared,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRadius,clone,distanceSquared,getBody1,initParticleData,isConnected,getWrapMode,updateFilter,setParams,setMassInverse,Decompose,attachChild,destroyJoint,addRelForceAtPos,getReceivers,getOccludersToRender,getOccludersToRender,solveVelocityConstraint,addTorques,createMass,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,spaceCollide2,getAxes,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),getInfo2,dJointCreatePlane2D,dJointSetDHingeAxis,createMass,resetLimits,setCamera,resetLimits,collideWithRay,controlUpdate,setEnableCurrentCam,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,initEvent,DxWorld(C),addToRootBone,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),setTexture,generateIrradianceMap,countConnections,setMotorEnabled,HingeJointInfo(C),getAngle,getBone,write,switchToHardware,setBound,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,read,SkeletonDebugger(C),adjustMass,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),getAnchor1,setLowerLimit,getMaximumTorque,addFaceCandidate,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,dxStepIsland_Stage2b,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dFactorCholesky,run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,distance,scaleMatrix,Triangle(C),read,generate,gim_aabbset_ray_collision,CheckSATConvexFaces,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,PerformCollisionChecking,getInfo2,getInfo2,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),clone,collide,createFrustum,read,warmstart,makeGeometry,setXParamFMax,createMass,updateLength,VEC_SCALE,flipAlongTheYAxis,getRadius1,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),toString,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,Joint(C),solveVelocityContraints,getFlyByCamera,duUpdateGeometryVertices,dGeomRaySet,DirectionalLight(C),AmbientLight(C),whichSide,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,collideWithRay,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,add,dSolveLCP,eqProd,computeAABB,plusEq,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),computeAABB,testCollision,penEPAPos,asin,compute_invM_JT,AssignInfo,Island(C),detect,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),read,updatePositions,read,getTangentialImpulse,PulleyJoint(C),warmStart,getReactionTorque,toString,PinJoint(C),FrictionJoint(C),getReactionTorque,getMass,dColliderFn,addNormal,write,setCamera,setCamera,CapsuleShape(C),computeAABB,getRadius,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,setParams,write,distance,clone,read,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,setGeometryData,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,clone,write,clone,getTimeOfImpact,setModelBound,createTriangulation,getRadius,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),calcScreenArea,extractIndirectLights,transformDirection,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getBody2,mixFriction,equals,BodyFixture(C),render,computeLastDistance,render,render,MotionTrack(C),set,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,read,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),intersect,write,isEmpty,dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,setMeshes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,addPoint,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),convertToHalf,dColliderFn,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),createSky,read,cloneForSpatial,intersectsWherePlane,postFrame,distanceSquared,write,write,postFrame,readList,read,distance,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,read,write,CreateCatmullRomPath,BitmapFont(C),read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,createFrustum,read,createSimpleClone,postFrame,isOnPlane,getLight,postFrame,getCapsule,controlRender,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,read,merge,setMatrix4,project,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,findBatchByMaterial,loadFont,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,loadFont,SetData,cloneForSpatial,intersectWhere,dColliderFn,setCamera,getVolume,dColliderFn,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,last,getData,toString,getTargetVertexIndex,SliderJointInfo(C),solve,setTexture,dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getInfo2,compare,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,computeAABB,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,merge,call,allocatePlaneBuffer,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,read,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,getVertexUniforms,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,setViewPort,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,addLimot,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,init,setEnabled,LightList(C),write,process,computeZFar,updateAverageLuminance,initialize,reset,,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,R,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,SnapshotJob(C),ungroupSceneGraph,attachScene,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,updateGeometry,clone,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dCollideCylinderBox,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,registerBinding,makeProbe,dColliderFn,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,dCollideCapsuleSphere,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,compare,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,isOutside,postQueue,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeNarrowPhase,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,getFormatsForCaps,collide,collide2,detect,detect,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,distanceToCam,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,cleanup,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,ThreadedProcessJobStart,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),testCollision,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,Impulse(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dColliderFn,setEnabled,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,getMass,collideWith,collideWith,visit,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,setConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,JointInfo(C)]},
radius:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter], [getRadius,clone,DxCylinder(C),getAxes,rotate,getRadius,getType,getRotation,getPointDepth,setParams,write,distance,clone,deepClone,ccdCollide,getRotation,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getRadius,getRotation,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,getUp,setMode,AABB(C),flipAlongTheYAxis,read,computeFromTris,write,rotateAboutCenter,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,getBody,getRotation,clone,write,createHeightfieldData,fromBoundingSphere,clone,getTimeOfImpact,collideWith,createTriangulation,getRadius,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getPoint,equals,mapJoystick,PerformCollisionChecking,read,computeFromTris,dJointSetPRAxis2,dGeomRaySet,clone,dMassSetParameters,calcScreenArea,isConnected,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dVector3CrossMat3Col,testCollision,penEPAPos,pointInsideTriangle,intersect,checkCulling,translate,dColliderFn,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,getVertexIterator,DirectionalLight(C),AmbientLight(C),clone,intersectsBox,collideWith,dJointCreateBall,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,setBounds,getEdgeTo,cloneFields,getTriangulation,getPrevious,FetchTransformedTriangle,toAxes,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dColliderFn,setCamera,setCamera,GetSupportSide,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,cleanup,addFixture,getMaxVerticalRotation,setInverseRotationRadians,setRotationSensitivity,BodyFixture(C),getInertia,clone,BoxShape(C),getSimplex,checkCulling,getHeightfieldData,doubleSize,DESTRUCTOR,updateListenerParam,write,isZero,raycast,read,getMaximumRotation,write,add,read,getMatrix,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,intersectWherePlanar,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,oldClone,getTriangle,TRIANGLE_PLANE,getRoots,dColliderFn,detect,render,collideWith,oldDeepClone,getLocalToWorldMatrix,set,isPointInTriangle,getJoints,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,validate,extractIndirectLights,gim_trimesh_update_aabbset,dColliderFn,read,getUp,read,getVelocity,dColliderFn,read,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,getI,getBones,getFiniteRotationMode,updateAABB,getRotation,updateShadowCams,createSky,cleanProbes,dColliderFn,render,dColliderFn,VEC_SCALE,render,getSurfaceTangentRotation,influenceParticle,write,isCollisionEnabled,destroyRigidBody,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,isCollisionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,setMaxMotorTorque,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,warmStart,getRotation,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getInfo2,invoke,setAxisDelta,fromTransformMatrix,ConstraintSolver(C),PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,getLimot2,PinJoint(C),getAngularError,FrictionJoint(C),addTorque,setNumAxes,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,DistanceJoint(C),addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),getAngle,positiveRank,Triangle(C),dMULTIPLYOP0_333,generate,equals,getDistanceSquare,getInfo2,WeldJoint(C),setMotorSpeed,convertElementMode,getJointAngle,dCollide,ContactManifold(C),getPenetrationImpulse,mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),equals,dGeomTriMeshGetPoint,getTangentialImpulse,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,getJointAngle,toString,addContactInfo,needsDirection,setMaximumMotorTorque,dotColCol,solve1,TST1,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),dInvertPDMatrix,updateGeometry,decompose,SliderJoint(C),solvePositionContraints,Island(C),read,makeGeometry,SOR_LCP,computeCollisionDetection,dJointSetLMotorAxis,measureAngle2,getRotation,getBone2,addNormal,getFormatsForCaps,read,dColliderFn,setBall2,getTargetBoneIndex,dRFrom2Axes,fromOpenGL,createVector2Buffer,dPrintMatrix,setArg,dJointSetFixed,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMakeRandomMatrix,read,isAllowed,onPlay,solve,FixedJoint(C),dColliderFn,dBodyCreate,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,setSpatial,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getInfo2,dJointSetHingeAxis,getInfo2,dxStepIsland_Stage1,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),cloneForSpatial,applySkinning,read,read,loadTexture,cloneFields,write,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,read,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,rotateCameraAligned,CreateCatmullRomPath,loadTexture,read,write,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),FOO2,compare,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,process,computeZFar,MotionTrack(C),read,setMeshes,getRandomPointAndNormal,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),addToRootBone,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,SnapshotJob(C),instance,attachScene,renderSubScene,read,intersectBrute,setConvex,setPlanePoints,glUniformMatrix4,initialize,read,buildShader,collideWith,duUpdateGeometryTextures,read,duUpdateGeometryTextures,WarmStartingContactManager(C),createOffCamera,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,countConnections,initParticleData,updateInstances,detect,detect,render,read,isLineWrap,read,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,update,getTexture,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,attachChild,setMatParams,read,setMatParams,reload,compare,getInterBoneWires,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,write,getBody2,getBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,getInfo2,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,read,generatePbrMaps,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),postFrame,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,cleanup,renderProcessing,renderProcessing,isOutside,isVarying,init,addMaterialParamTexture,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dRFromAxisAndAngle,fillFloatBuffer,getInfo2,modifyTexture,toString,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,read,write,write,read,setLighting,onMeshDrawn,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,setEnabled,read,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),countConnections,getTargetVertexIndex,getRotation,addKeyFrameTransform,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,link,SkeletonPoints(C),write,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,reset,,distanceToCam,compare,rotate,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,read,getLight,write,getCapsule,write,write,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),R,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),write,,read,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,collideWith,collideWith,JointInfo(C),addPerturbedContacts,setWorldMatrix,ConstraintSolverData(C),render,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),setEnabled,initialize,getInfo2,isCollisionEnabled,testCollision,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,createCopy,getNormal,run,getInfo2,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),registerBinding,Impulse(C),SliderJointInfo(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dotCol,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,render,HingeJointInfo(C),addLimot,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,visit]},
rotation:{[com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils], [write,read,invert,dRSetIdentity,read,read,oldClone,collideWith,multLocal,buildAnimation,getMatrix,setVolume,Rotation(C),initEvent,onAction,distanceToNearPlane,getClosestCollision,setFrictionVector2,ChaseCameraAppState(C),read,initParticleData,getTorque,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getRadius,getFarthestFeature,setWarmStartDistance,getInfo2,toString,getSliceRadius,setLowerLimit,zoomCamera,Rectangle(C),getRadius,initParticleData,getInfo1,getInfo1,write,getInfo1,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,write,add,render,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,write,dPlaneSpace,lengthSquared,write,dRFromZAxis,getCollideBits,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dClipEdgeToPlane,createVector3Buffer,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getWorldOffsetPosr,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,ccdGeomToCap,isAllowed,onStop,getTriangulation,getInfo2,setBall,read,initParticleData,isOnIsland,updateFilter,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,clone,read,newBodiesIndexPair,setParams,getMaterial,FetchTriangleCount,setTransformRefresh,read,write,PointLightShadowRenderer(C),read,getVolume,createRigidBody,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,setWorldMatrix,solveVelocityConstraint,addTorques,project,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,createPlane,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),setMaxMotorForce,resetLimits,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),countConnections,dJointGetHinge2Axis1,dJointCreatePlane2D,dJointSetDHingeAxis,contains,dispose,DxWorld(C),addToRootBone,setFriction,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,write,getAngle,setScene,generateIrradianceMap,loadCapabilitiesGL2,setMotorEnabled,HingeJointInfo(C),dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,setMotorEnabled,initializeConstraints,getAnchor1,destroy,_cldClipCylinderToBox,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),validate,addFaceCandidate,getBone,write,write,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,RAY_TRIANGLE_INTERSECTION,write,SkeletonDebugger(C),createCircle,whichSide,makeGeometry,read,setXParamFMax,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,dxStepIsland_Stage3,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dInvertPDMatrix,run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,warmstart,setMatParams,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,getInfo2,getInfo2,setAxes,read,influenceParticle,write,isCollisionEnabled,toString,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,isCollisionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,write,calculateEigen,read,degenPrologue,gim_aabbset_box_collision,CheckSATConvexFaces,getTriangle,write,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,collide,updateLength,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,dColliderFn,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,setLimitsEnabled,toString,initializeConstraints,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),render,addContactPoint,setSphere,getSimplex,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,pointInsideTriangle,invoke,setAxisDelta,toString,getFlyByCamera,read,SOR_LCP,AssignInfo,Island(C),convexCast,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),setFriction,addNormal,setCapsule,clone,BoxShape(C),write,isZero,raycast,CylinderShape(C),read,read,getVolume,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,isEqualTo,intersectsFrustum,lengthSquared,intersectsWherePlane,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,solve,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,setToleranceAngle,setBounds,getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),getPrevious,getI,equals,updateGeometry,initialize,getHeightfieldData,read,dCollideHeightfieldZone,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,read,dotColCol,solve1,TST1,dGeomRaySet,set,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),intersectsFrustum,decompose,setMeshes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),read,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_ray_closest_collision,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),MotionTrack(C),SliderJointInfo(C),SEGMENT_COLLISION,getRadius1,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,collideWith,collideWith,write,read,computeBlendFactors,loadMaterial,write,write,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,AmbientLight(C),visit,read,cloneForSpatial,controlRender,CreateCatmullRomPath,loadMaterial,read,getRadius,cloneForSpatial,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,buildShader,write,write,getVertexUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,write,render,setWorldMatrix,render,getData,render,renderGeometry,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,compare,getInfo2,getTargetVertexIndex,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,read,deepClone,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),reset,,last,testAndAddDiscContact,dColliderFn,collide,collide2,addLimot,render,render,write,init,render,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,removeProcessor,OccludersExtractor(C),link,isOutside,updateAverageLuminance,dColliderFn,visit,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),R,getGeometriesInLightRadius,read,triangulate,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),PairManager(C),update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,removeCollisionShape,collision,collision,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,computeAABB,testCollision,getColor,read,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),Impulse(C),postFrame,write,,read,postFrame,write,setMatParams,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,postFrame,LastTextureState(C),read,requiresSceneAsTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,getRadius,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,postFrame,,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,makeProbe,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,trigger,Fixture(C),write,write,write,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,setEnabled,read,postFrame,dotCol,dColliderFn,read,JointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,FOO2,triangulate,getFrictionCoefficient,updateAABB,FetchTransformedTriangle,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),gim_merge_contacts,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,computeZFar,distanceToCam,ThreadedProcessJobStart,dCollideSpherePlane,dCollideCapsuleSphere,collideWith,collideWith,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,read,compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideTrimeshPlane,createCopy,getNormal,run,reloadMaterial,getRadius,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,write,write,write,read,mixFriction,isOnPlane,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,collideWith,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,BoundingSphereDebug(C),updatePositions,intersect,testCollision,setLeftPlane,write,initEvent,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,getVolume,initialize,cleanup,read,createSky,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getFormatsForCaps,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,filterLights,setConvex,calcScreenArea]},
motor:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.Pass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator], [setMaxMotorForce,setMaxMotorTorque,getAnchor1,setLowerLimit,setLimitsEnabled,FixedJoint(C),toString,HingeJointInfo(C),destroyRigidBody,add,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,getInfo2,getInfo2,DxJointAMotor(C),getJointSpeed,getInfo2,getInfo2,write,makeGeometry,AnimationEvent(C),dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,initialize,addToRootBone,getTorque,zoomCamera,getFixture1,initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,MotionEvent(C),setupTextureSwizzle,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,getInfo2,dJointGetPRPosition,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,dJointCreatePlane2D,createCapsule,setNumAxes,setBound,getCollideBits,getLimot2,dMULTIPLY0_333,getBone2,BallAndSocketJoint(C),initializeConstraints,setLimitsEnabled,setLength,DistanceJoint(C),solve,getInfo2,getAxes,initialize,FrictionJoint(C),updateGeometry,isConnected,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,initializeConstraints,setEnableCurrentCam,getMaterial,setWarmStartDistance,read,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),read,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,Joint(C),Listener(C),solveVelocityContraints,getHalfHeight,m_stepperArena,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getBodies,detect,getBones,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,getBones,setAxes,getTangentialImpulse,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,matrixInvert,loadCapabilitiesGL2,getBody2,SliderJointInfo(C),updateFilter,dIsPositiveDefinite,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),initParticleData,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,Impulse(C),setMaterial,dotCol,buildAnimation,create,getInfo2,unassociateFromGroupNode,onStop,updateCamera,computeClosestPoint,render,getRadius,getInfo2,getI,getI,getRadius,rotate,updateAABB,getAxes,checkCulling,initParticleData,oppositeLocal,onFrustumChange,lerp,set,read,copy,getFarthestFeature,getAxes,rotate,intersectsSphere,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,mixFriction,equals,toString,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,_cldClipping,initParticleData,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getVertexGlobal,ThreadedProcessJobStart,fixRefreshFlags,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,removeFixture,AbstractShape(C),read,setBody2,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),done,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeNarrowPhase,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,addLimot,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setMaterial,getMatrix,dRSetIdentity,onAction,getClosestCollision,_cldTestAxis,fillFloatBuffer,swap,dRFrom2Axes,isOutside,doDisplayFrustumDebug,intersectsSphere,countConnections,generateUniforms,read,read,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,IntersectCapsuleTri,read,lengthSquared,fromOpenGL,dGetEulerAngleFromRot,dPrintMatrix,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMakeRandomMatrix,read,run,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),doDisplayFrustumDebug,setTransformRefresh,getType,SkeletonWire(C),SkeletonPoints(C),isEqualTo,getRadius1,CylinderShape(C),CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,setWorldMatrix,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,getInfo2,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,computeAABB,buildCallback,getAxes,cleanse,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,getWrapMode,generateIrradianceMap,collide,collide2,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,batch,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,LightControl(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,read,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,intersectsSphere,collideWith,collideWith,coplanar_tri_tri,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,DxGimpact(C),setGeometry,gim_aabbset_alloc,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,dColliderFn,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,read,visit,getMinMax,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),plusEq,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),compare,BAR2,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,read,createCopy,dCollideCCTL,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,add,solve1,eqProd,computeAABB,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,getInfo2,clone,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,testCollision,collideWith,addPerturbedContacts,setConvex,CheckEdgeIntersection,glUniformMatrix4,read,setTexture,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onNewTexture,getRadius,read,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,isZero,raycast,write,orthogonalLineFit,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,computeLastDistance,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,computeLastDistance,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,setParams,distance,read,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,BoundingSphereDebug(C),AABB(C),read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,write,write,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),dCollideSpherePlane,renderGeometryList,dCollideCapsuleSphere,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,StripBox(C),buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,rotate,render,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,read,deepClone,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getBone,findTargets,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),intersectsSphere,SkeletonDebugger(C),getColor,read,loadMaterial,update,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,compare,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,cloneForSpatial,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,read,getVolume,calcScreenArea,write,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,getType,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),setUserData,setCamera,duUpdateGeometryNormals,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,write,getMaterial,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,write,intersectsSphere,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,displayShadowMap,read,getMaterial,getLight,PssmShadowFilter(C),getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),setEnabled,setOwner,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,attachScene,cleanup,renderProcessing,update,scaleMatrix,displayShadowMap,getPassMaterial,JointInfo(C),SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,OccludersExtractor(C),getShadowCamera,setShaderFile,controlUpdate,MotionTrack(C),computeUnionBound,intersect,reset,,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,render,render,setWorldMatrix,render,render,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,computeBlendFactors,cloneFields,cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,dLDLTAddTL,init,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,setCamera,setCamera,R,duUpdateGeometryNormals,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,getFormatsForCaps,reloadMaterial,setEnabled,computeZFar,createSky,visit,filterLights,decompose,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,distanceToCam]},
geometry:{[com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState], [collideWith,computeWorldMatrix,scale,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,rotate,compare,equals,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,write,read,decomposePolygon,read,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setPostShadowParams,reload,compare,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,setViewProjection,triangulate,setAngularTarget,dMULTIPLY0_331,triangulate,getInterBoneWires,isMotorEnabled,getRadius,distanceToCam,compare,read,initialize,disableDebugShape,write,loadFpsText,updateFrustumPoints,registerBinding,cleanProbes,computeAngleParameters,getRadius,createLumShaders,processTriangle,visit,calcTexArea,getScenes,read,convertWrapMode,read,write,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getPlaceholderImage,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),read,setSpeed,read,lookAt,read,cleanup,createOffCamera,createMass,loadGuiFont,makeCurrent,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),makeCurrent,setTexture,setEnabled,read,postFrame,rotateCamera,update,collideWith,createSky,getFrictionCoefficient,getYMonotonePolygons,setSpeed,setFacingVelocity,setAngularVelocity,addMaterialParam,clearValue,Shader(C),BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,reload,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,getFormatsForCaps,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),write,setImage,updateProbe,dxStepBody,cloneForSpatial,getRotation,read,read,cleanup,setRotationSpeed,write,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,controlRender,clone,read,setUserData,computeAABB,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),write,intersectsSphere,clone,MotionTrack(C),read,read,write,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,isVarying,init,write,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,createCollisionData,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,IntersectSegmentPlane,getReactionForce,transformDirection,R,setCamera,setCamera,computeZFar,render,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),write,write,read,write,write,read,read,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),rotate,countConnections,reset,,getRotation,getAxes,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,read,write,getVertexUniforms,read,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,setLowerLimit,getAnchor1,PinJoint(C),collideWithRay,collideWith,setFrame,OUTER_PRODUCT_3X3,write,subEq,FetchTransformedTriangle,addTimeRotation,DistanceJoint(C),setKeyframes,ContactSolver(C),updateListenerParam,isVelocityFromTranslation,getRotation,read,getVelocity,setWorldMatrix,addNormal,read,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getAxes,rotate,isEqualTo,getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),pointInsideTriangle,CylinderShape(C),getPrevious,gim_trimesh_ray_closest_collisionODE,fromRotationMatrix,ConvexMeshShape(C),EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,createMass,getRotation,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_ray_closest_collision,addPoint,updateLength,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),isMotorEnabled,measureAngle2,collideWithRay,initParticleData,getHeightfieldData,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getSpeed,getBone,setLocalRotation,BoneTrack(C),DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,computeEulerAngles,updatePositions,EmitterPointShape(C),calcScreenArea,ccdGeomToCap,intersect,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,PerformCollisionChecking,setRotation,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,write,initEvent,read,collideWith,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,fromAxes,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),clone,getCapsule,write,rotateAroundOrigin,multLocal,read,read,write,read,read,orthogonalLineFit,getNormal,isOnPlane,getCapsule,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,write,write,read,merge,distance,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,getMaxAngularSpeed,isEmpty,computeAABB,testCollision,getDuration,getTargetVertexIndex,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,ContactManifold(C),getPenetrationImpulse,setSleepLinearVelocity,mixFriction,getTangentSpeed,createMass,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,last,dCollideCapsulePlane,setLeftPlane,rotate,createPistonJoint,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getRadius,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,dJointGetSliderPosition,invoke,setAxisDelta,dGetEulerAngleFromRot,getAxes,dJointGetPRPositionRate,read,link,getRadius,contains,setParams,distance,clone,read,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,rotateAboutCenter,setMode,AABB(C),createMass,collideCylCyl,getRadius,getBody,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,equals,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,add,getRotationAngleAxis,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,solveVelocityConstraint,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,addFixture,rotateCamera,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,onPlay,getSpeed,dGeomSetQuaternion,setLinearVelocity,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,dGeomRaySet,getPoint,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getRotation,dRFromZAxis,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,dColliderFn,dJointCreatePiston,getInfo1,dJointSetDHingeAxis,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),collideWithSweepSphere,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),newBodiesIndexPair,rotate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,dCollideBTL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,getBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideBTL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getParam,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),addPerturbedContacts,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,DxStepperProcessingCallContext(C),BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,Island(C),addConstrainedBallJoint,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),add,setAxes,dRemoveRowCol,scaleMatrix,dColliderFn,add,dSolveLCP,computeAABB,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),fromOpenGL,setArg,getInfo2,isAllowed,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),getInertia,BoxShape(C),setConvex,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dJointGetUniversalAngle1Rate,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,collideWith,collideWith,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,set,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,dJointGetPistonPositionRate,WarmStartingContactManager(C),equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dQMultiply1,triangulate,getMass,FrictionJoint(C),iterator,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,CollisionDetection(C),solveVelocityConstraints,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,initBeforeSolve,raycast,raycast,initBeforeSolve,computeCurrentHingeAngle,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,setMaxAngularSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getInfo2,JointInfo(C),solve,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,collision,collision,collision,initialize,HingeJointInfo(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),getInfo2,compare,dColliderFn,Impulse(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,makeGeometry,isOutside,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,SliderJointInfo(C),getInfo2,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),createCopy,getNormal,run,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),addLimot,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,ThreadedProcessJobStart,onAction,render]},
spatial:{[com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.material.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.ui.Picture,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape], [setZoomSpeed,collideWith,onGeometryUnassociated,getTransformMatrix,bulkPut,visit,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,write,removeProcessor,update,SnapshotJob(C),getLocalToWorldMatrix,updateWorldBound,setViewPort,OccludersExtractor(C),setSpeed,updateShadowCams,updateShadowCams,updateFrustumPoints,loadGuiFont,cloneForSpatial,write,internalUpdate,write,read,computeBlendFactors,vRotateCamera,loadFont,intersectsSphere,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,setSpeed,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,write,disableDebugShape,intersectsSphere,loadFont,read,write,getRadius,SetData,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),setPostShadowParams,write,MotionTrack(C),read,read,read,cleanup,createLumShader,createOffCamera,write,reloadMaterial,getPlaceholderImage,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setEnabled,read,postFrame,update,dMultiply0_133,setSpotInnerAngle,getInterBoneWires,distanceToCam,compare,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,createHalfEllipseAtOrigin,loadFpsText,write,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,read,convertWrapMode,getGeometry,add,updateInstance,rotate,compare,equals,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,read,Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,merge,setAngularTarget,getShape,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getNumJoints,updateProbe,requiresDepthAsTexture,setOwner,write,setTexture,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,clearValue,Shader(C),write,InstanceTypeKey(C),,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,getRadius,getFrictionCoefficient,setImage,triangulate,clone,setLimits,read,write,,read,write,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,collideWith,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,IntersectSegmentPlane,getAnchor1,getFormatsForCaps,isVarying,init,getVertices,R,reset,,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsSphere,filterLights,JobListener(C),dMassSetTrimesh,getReferenceFace,transformDirection,collideWithRay,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),generateDeclarationAndMainBody,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,write,getAnchor2,getRotation,countConnections,createSky,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,render,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,computeZFar,read,getAxes,getSpeed,getBone,write,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,setEulerReferenceVectors,read,warmStart,dGeomTriMeshSetData,subEq,setCamera,write,write,read,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,computeAABB,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getRadius1,connectingJoint,dConnectingJointList,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,collideWithRay,collideWith,setGuiBounding,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,BodyFixture(C),setSourceParams,read,Listener(C),read,getVelocity,DistanceJoint(C),transform,getInertia,clone,BoxShape(C),Slice(C),getHalfWidth,updateLength,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,getJoinedBodies,getI,rotateAboutCenter,setMovedCallback,setCapsule,equals,getAxes,contains,clone,getAxes,buildSurface,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,computeClosestPoint,HeightFieldTriangle(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),solvePositionConstraints,dJointAddHinge2Torques,dRemoveRowCol,getHeight,getHeight,getHeight,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getHalfHeight,getRadius,setParams,distance,read,run,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getRadius,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,getBody,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dJointGetPRAnchor,getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,dGeomSetPosition,oppositeLocal,add,dTestSolveLCP,eqProd,dBoxBox,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,dxStepIsland,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,AssignIslandSelection,_cldInitCylinderBox,removeFixture,setZoomSpeed,reset,write,scaleMatrix,read,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,dCollideSpheres,last,dColliderFn,getTargetVertexIndex,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,dRfromQ,Quaternion(C),setBody,fromOpenGL,dMaxDifference,setArg,fromTransformMatrix,getInfo2,dMaxDifference,read,isAllowed,setLength,toString,addTorques,getInfo2,getAnchor1,addTorque,isActive,setNumAxes,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,addTorque,collide,collideWithTriangle,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getAnchor,toRotationMatrix,dRFromAxisAndAngle,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,ContactPoint(C),solvePositionContraints,isZero,raycast,read,write,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,intersectsWherePlane,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,newBodiesIndexPair,rotate,addFixture,dJointAddHingeTorque,addBody,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,asin,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),dJointGetPistonPositionRate,influenceParticle,computeOffset,ConstraintSolver(C),addJointToBody,influenceParticle,write,isActive,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,setMotorSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,addFaceCandidate,add,setLeftPlane,dColliderFn,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,dColliderFn,ContactManifold(C),dColliderFn,GetPointFromBarycentric,dColliderFn,fromAxes,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dColliderFn,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,solvePositionConstraint,EmitterPointShape(C),isOnPlane,convertToHalf,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,AssignInfo,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),read,write,write,readList,read,EmitterBoxShape(C),getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,render,calcScreenArea,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,setAxis,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,dColliderFn,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),intersect,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,solvePositionConstraint,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,setAxes,solve,makeGeometry,dColliderFn,compare,mixFriction,getFixture1,dColliderFn,getInfo2,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleSphere,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setConvex,getAxis,detect,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),HingeJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dJointSetDHingeAxis,dColliderFn,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,ConstraintSolverData(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,WarmStartingContactManager(C),Fixture(C),Impulse(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,addLimot,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),CollisionDetection(C),newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,collision,computeNextAvailableBodyID,collision,collision,getBody2,updateAABB,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,JointInfo(C),isOutside,testCollision,getInfo2,dColliderFn,SliderJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,collideWith,collideWith,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,ThreadedProcessJobStart,collideWith,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C)]},
light:{[com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils], [makeCurrent,renderMeshFromGeometry,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setTexture,write,updateShadowCams,setPostShadowParams,updateShadowCams,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setImage,getPlaceholderModel,requiresSceneAsTexture,read,read,addMaterialParam,postFrame,updateProbe,clone,setAlignment,write,write,getFrictionCoefficient,updateAverageLuminance,write,R,write,convertWrapMode,,read,loadFont,write,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,loadFont,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,collideWith,getRadius,bindImage,getTexture,createOffCamera,glFramebufferTextureLayer,setMotorEnabled,setFacingVelocity,read,,dBodyGetMass,SupportIndex,setMotorEnabled,write,isVarying,init,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,setLocalRotation,clearValue,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),computeWorldMatrix,MaterialKey(C),collideWith,postQueue,updateWorldBound,reload,createClone,,setViewProjection,setSpeed,intersectsSphere,read,spatialTolight,setSpotInnerAngle,write,setOwner,write,write,write,intersectsSphere,computeBlendFactors,update,populateProbes,clone,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),getInvRadius,filterLights,JobListener(C),setDefaultHorizontalRotation,distanceToCam,populateProbes,setSphere,filterLights,setEnabled,read,loadGuiFont,setZoomSpeed,update,updateFrustumPoints,dCROSS,reset,,reloadMaterial,getFormatsForCaps,transformDirection,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,onGeometryUnassociated,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,disableDebugShape,createHalfEllipseAtOrigin,loadFpsText,setSpeed,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,getScenes,cleanup,getTransformMatrix,bulkPut,visit,calcTexArea,distanceToCam,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),getInterBoneWires,getGeometry,add,updateInstance,rotate,compare,CollisionResult(C),setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,computeVertices,Quad(C),compare,gim_aabbset_update,merge,MotorJoint(C),cloneForSpatial,internalUpdate,write,read,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,controlRender,read,setUserData,computeAABB,SetData,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),getRadius,MotionTrack(C),getAnchor2,triangulate,createSky,collideWithRay,render,computeZFar,getVertexIterator,getRadius2,getReferenceFace,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,dCollideHeightfieldZone,controlUpdate,setCol,SkeletonWire(C),SkeletonPoints(C),countConnections,getRadius,getRadius,getOuterRadius,getRotation,warmStart,setKeyframes,setWorldMatrix,getSpeed,getBone,getBone,getOffsetTransform,BoneTrack(C),DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,dJointSetAMotorAxis,setLowerLimit,getAnchor1,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,dGeomSetPosition,fromAxes,setAsleep,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,getVolume,isVelocityFromTranslation,mergeLocal,whichSide,setFrustumPerspective,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,convertToHalf,DistanceJoint(C),write,read,collideWith,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,set,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getCapsule,write,rotateAroundOrigin,setRotationQuaternion,read,read,write,read,read,orthogonalLineFit,getNormal,deepClone,setPlanePoints,getCapsule,getRadius,write,write,read,project,updateTargetDistance,setMovedCallback,validate,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,setSourceParams,getVelocity,getVelocity,intersectWhere,toString,isZero,raycast,getHeight,getRestitutionVelocity,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,Quaternion(C),getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,initBeforeSolve,_cldClipping,dVector3Cross,ccdGeomToSphere,connectingJoint,setSphereTotal,merge,GetPointFromBarycentric,getRandomPoint,getInnerRadius,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,toTransformMatrix,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,setVelocity,dCollideCapsuleSphere,addTorques,getAxes,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,getInfo2,setNumAxes,getAxes,getHalfHeight,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),BodyFixture(C),Fixture(C),AbstractCollidable(C),NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,run,isEnabledAndDynamic,hashCode,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dRFromZAxis,getRotation,raycast,raycast,getInfo2,initVelocityArrays,GJKAlgorithm(C),_cldClipBoxToCylinder,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,dRemoveRowCol,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,viewCol,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dRemoveRowCol,equals,checkFactorization,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dBoxBox,viewCol,CONSTRUCTPLANE,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRfromQ,setOrientation,Eigen3f(C),dCollideBoxPlane,triangulate,getMass,dCollideCylinderBox,toString,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,collideWith,collideWith,lengthSquared,ray_sphere_helper,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,getSliceRadius,Rectangle(C),dJointSetFixed,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getFrictionImpulse2,setAxes,dJointAddPRTorque,zoomCamera,getRadius,rotate,getRotationDiscRadius,toString,newBodiesIndexPair,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),_InitCylinderTrimeshData,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dConnectingJointList,dJointAddHingeTorque,dJointAddHinge2Torques,getInfo2,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),computeClosestPointOfObject,testAndAddDiscContact,getRadius1,JointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getInfo1,AssignIslandSelection,compute_invM_JT,AssignInfo,dxStepIsland_Stage3,Island(C),ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),AssignIslandSelection,add,setAxisDelta,getHeight,collide,getAnchor1,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,DxWorld(C),Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,dColliderFn,setMotorSpeed,setMotorEnabled,setMaxMotorForce,dCollideSpherePlane,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,getLocalPointOnBody2,mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),setConvex,render,getBody,createVector3Buffer,setArg,isAllowed,Rotation(C),onAction,computeAABB,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),getBezierP1toP2Length,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,makeGeometry,PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,addTorque,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,translate,DVector3ColView(C),solveVelocityConstraint,solveVelocityContraints,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,addNormal,ConstraintSolverData(C),intersect,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,solve,getInfo2,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,addLimot,ThreadedProcessJobStart,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,getInfo2,collideWith,isOutside,Impulse(C),SliderJointInfo(C),calcScreenArea]},
texture:{[com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo], [setTexture,makeCurrent,makeCurrent,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setMeshType,filterLights,write,registerProbe,registerProbe,getPlaceholderImage,read,convertElementMode,read,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,getTriangleCount,clearValue,updateShadowCams,Shader(C),read,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),updateShadowCams,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),getTriangleCount,MaterialKey(C),collideWith,setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,reload,read,write,createClone,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,setViewProjection,loadFont,createLumShader,write,reloadMaterial,getFrictionCoefficient,postFrame,setEnabled,read,setSpeed,loadGuiFont,setZoomSpeed,update,updateFrustumPoints,dCROSS,createOffCamera,setImage,getRadius,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,setPostShadowParams,setSpotInnerAngle,clone,updateProbe,onGeometryUnassociated,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,disableDebugShape,createTriangle,loadFpsText,dBodyGetRotation,getScenes,setSpeed,getTransformMatrix,splitVertices,visit,calcTexArea,cleanup,update,read,write,,read,write,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,collideWith,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,setMotorSpeed,,SupportIndex,setMotorSpeed,isVarying,init,computeBlendFactors,setOwner,write,distanceToCam,compare,R,getInterBoneWires,getFormatsForCaps,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),getGeometry,add,updateInstance,rotate,compare,CollisionResult(C),setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,computeVertices,Quad(C),compare,gim_aabbset_update,triangulate,MotorJoint(C),reset,,intersectsSphere,write,write,write,write,intersectsSphere,clone,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),setRotationSpeed,set,cloneForSpatial,internalUpdate,write,read,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,controlRender,read,setUserData,computeAABB,SetData,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),getRadius,transformDirection,MotionTrack(C),triangulate,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),raycast,PinJoint(C),collideWithRay,createSky,rotate,render,computeZFar,getReferenceFace,write,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),countConnections,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,controlUpdate,clearUpperTriangle,getRotation,warmStart,getRadius,getRadius,getOuterRadius,allocateTriangleBuffer,setKeyframes,setLowerLimit,WeldJoint(C),dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,getSpeed,getBone,write,Bone(C),BoneTrack(C),DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,dJointSetAMotorAxis,rotate,setWorldMatrix,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,mergeLocal,whichSide,clone,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,DistanceJoint(C),getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,dGeomSetRotation,oppositeLocal,setAsleep,setSourceParams,isVelocityFromTranslation,Listener(C),read,getVelocity,deepClone,getVelocityVariation,contains,isPointInTriangle,convertToHalf,read,intersectWherePlanar,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,fillFloatBuffer,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getCapsule,write,rotateAroundOrigin,toRotationMatrix,read,read,write,read,read,orthogonalLineFit,getNormal,deepClone,setPlanePoints,getCapsule,computeAABB,write,write,read,read,project,updateTargetDistance,getRotation,isZero,raycast,getHeight,getMaximumRotation,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,Quaternion(C),getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,solveVelocityConstraint,_cldClipping,dVector3Cross,BodyFixture(C),dJointSetTransmissionAxis,intersectWhere,applyVelocityVariation,addTorques,dJointSetUniversalAxis2Offset,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,getInfo2,setNumAxes,connectingJoint,getAxes,getHalfHeight,getAxes,rotate,AXES(C),toString,BoxShape(C),Fixture(C),equals,dRFromZAxis,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,interpolateTransforms,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getRadius1,dConnectingJointList,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),testAndAddDiscContact,_CalculateAxis,getRotation,run,rotate,mergeLocal,GetPointFromBarycentric,getRandomPoint,getInnerRadius,getSurfaceTangentRotation,raycast,raycast,dCollideCapsulePlane,getInfo2,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,initVelocityArrays,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,GJKAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,run,setBall2,hashCode,updateAABB,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,setMotorSpeed,setMotorSpeed,setMotorSpeed,copyRotation,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,getInfo2,getInfo2,dColliderFn,AssignIslandSelection,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,AssignInfo,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,Island(C),setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),AssignIslandSelection,add,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,CapsuleShape(C),dJointAddSliderForce,dJointAddPRTorque,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,getI,getRadius,Rectangle(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,isActive,checkMotionAllowed,isActive,solveVelocityContraints,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),updateParticleData,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,getRadius,dotColCol,checkFactorization,TST1,dGeomRaySet,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,addFixture,collideWith,collideWith,setZoomSpeed,rotate,newBodiesIndexPair,render,dColliderFn,makeGeometry,dJointAddPistonForce,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dRemoveRowCol,rotate,PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,FrictionJoint(C),addTorque,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,addTorque,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getBody,fromOpenGL,createVector2Buffer,dClearUpperTriangle,setArg,dJointSetFixed,dClearUpperTriangle,isAllowed,dCollideSphereBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dRFromAxisAndAngle,Rotation(C),onAction,getLocalPointOnBody2,dColliderFn,addContactPoint,computeSilhouette,EPAAlgorithm(C),dCollideBoxPlane,dColliderFn,compare,getTangentialImpulse,DxWorld(C),setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,solveVelocityConstraint,JointInfo(C),mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,DESTRUCTOR,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),intersect,collide,HingeJointInfo(C),dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Eigen3f(C),triangulate,setConvex,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,rotate,ConstraintSolverData(C),solve,initialize,getInfo2,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,penEPAPos,pointInsideTriangle,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),lengthSquared,calcScreenArea,isOutside,ThreadedProcessJobStart,addLimot,link,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),collideWith,getInfo2,Impulse(C),SliderJointInfo(C)]},
square:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.light.LightFilter], [clone,getRotation,getVertices,SpotLight(C),computeFromTris,getAxes,dJointGetPRAnchor,read,dVector3CrossMat3Col,translate,createPolygonalCapsule,write,isZero,raycast,read,clone,getMaximumRotation,orthogonalLineFit,getSimplex,clone,add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getAngleBetween,collideWith,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,intersectWherePlanar,Quaternion(C),clone,setSpatial,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,_cldClipping,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,visit,getRotation,Ellipse(C),setBounds,getEdgeTo,read,getYMonotonePolygons,pointInsideTriangle,getPrevious,Decompose,getRadius,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,intersect,read,calcScreenArea,equals,updatePositions,read,getPointDepth,rotate,ccdGeomToObj,createBody,testAndAddDiscContact,PerformCollisionChecking,getType,computeFromTris,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,contains,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,setParams,read,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setGeometryData,write,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,rotateAboutCenter,getRadius,setTextureMode,getBody,write,getTimeOfImpact,updateWorldBound,createTriangulation,getRadius,setZoomSpeed,dColliderFn,dGeomRaySet,gim_aabbset_alloc,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getPoint,testCollision,penEPAPos,getI,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,addFixture,initialize,copy,setConvex,dColliderFn,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,write,dColliderFn,isPointInTriangle,getHeightfieldData,LightList(C),dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,removeFixtures,dColliderFn,validate,read,BodyFixture(C),getInertia,BoxShape(C),dConnectingJointList,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getOccludersToRender,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getOccludersToRender,getBodyCount,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,write,getTriangle,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,getRoots,getRotation,oldDeepClone,depthFirstTraversal,plusEq,updateListenerParam,setCamera,setCamera,getRotation,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,generate,getInfo2,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,setAngularDamping,read,Listener(C),read,getVelocity,setPoi,dColliderFn,addNormal,setEulerReferenceVectors,getColor,read,loadModel,initialize,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadModel,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,decompose,getMaterial,getI,getBones,setMovedCallback,updateAABB,getReceivers,from,dJointSetUniversalAxis2Offset,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,read,dColliderFn,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,dColliderFn,setScene,getDuration,write,read,onPause,initEvent,isEmpty,getSpeed,dGeomSetPosition,add,dColliderFn,createSky,render,newBodiesIndexPair,rotateScreenAligned,rotate,getRotation,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dRfromQ,unbatchSubGraph,influenceParticle,write,isActive,notifyRemovedOverlappingPair,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,isActive,solveVelocityContraints,setMotorSpeed,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,computeOffset,invoke,setAxisDelta,invert,computeMixedFrictionCoefficient,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,getAnchor2,setAngularTarget,getAnchor1,getAnchor1,setMeshes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),read,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getAnchor1,getInfo2,ConstraintSolver(C),render,setLimits,transformDirection,GJKAlgorithm(C),Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,countConnections,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getAnchor1,getTargetVertexIndex,render,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,buildAnimation,initParticleData,intersectBrute,setConvex,dCalcVectorDot3_14,GETCOL,GETCOL,setPlanePoints,glUniformMatrix4,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,write,write,setLowerLimit,buildShader,setTexture,setShaderFile,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,loadCapabilitiesGL2,render,render,setWorldMatrix,getData,renderSubScene,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,link,setLength,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,DistanceJoint(C),addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),getInfo1,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,getLight,setEnabled,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),countConnections,detect,detect,setTexture,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getInfo1,setCamera,FOO2,compare,dColliderFn,FixedJoint(C),initParticleData,getTranslation,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,setSpatial,read,updateInstances,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),Bone(C),write,postFrame,readList,read,getValueAsString,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,getReceivers,read,Triangle(C),findTargets,postFrame,clone,write,postFrame,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,dColliderFn,initParticleData,set,spatialTolight,coplanar_tri_tri,BoneTrack(C),findEmitter,makeGeometry,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryTextures,SkeletonPoints(C),addPerturbedContacts,last,dotColCol,dSolveLCP,TST1,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,duUpdateGeometryTextures,getTangentialImpulse,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,getLocalPointOnBody2,toString,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setDynamic,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getBone2,getBody2,updateGeometry,reset,,render,render,WarmStartingContactManager(C),dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),initialize,render,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,solve,dInvertPDMatrix,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,DxGimpact(C),addToRootBone,getFixture1,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,init,collideWith,R,setGeometry,renderProcessing,isCollisionEnabled,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,setSpatial,setSpatial,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createCopy,getNormal,run,getAnchor,hashCode,collideWith,collideWith,HingeJointInfo(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,updateProbe,positiveRank,mixFriction,equals,createFrustum,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),dRSetIdentity,onAction,getClosestCollision,attachChild,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getInfo2,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getShadowCamera,getInfo2,JointInfo(C),dJointSetDHingeAxis,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,collision,collision,collision,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,clearValue,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,MotionTrack(C),SnapshotJob(C),ungroupSceneGraph,attachScene,process,ConstraintSolverData(C),computeZFar,setEnabled,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,getInterBoneWires,updateUniformBindings,Impulse(C),dotCol,cleanup,SliderJointInfo(C),DxRagdollJointConfig(C),distanceToCam,fromOpenGL,setArg,isAllowed,getFormatsForCaps,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,addLimot,getInfo2,reloadMaterial,isOutside,initialize,ThreadedProcessJobStart,visit,getInfo2,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),filterLights]},
vecf:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.math.Plane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.light.LightList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory], [VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,gim_aabbset_alloc,MakeMatrix,dColliderFn,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,dColliderFn,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,run,setInverseRotationDegrees,onFrustumChange,getRadius,getAnchor,hashCode,SetupInitialContext,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,DxGimpact(C),dMaxDifference,setMinMax,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,prepareForAnim,newTriangle,updateUniform,read,visit,read,read,setRotateSpeed,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,set,collideWithVertex,getVolume,computeAABB,createTriangulation,sphericalToCartesian,call,get,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),cleanse,distanceToEdge,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,read,getLocalToWorldMatrix,getDistanceSquare,call,unassociateFromGroupNode,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),toString,BIHTriangle(C),setTexture,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onNewTexture,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,_cldTestAxis,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,updateGeometry,read,notifyRemovedOverlappingPair,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,setEulerReferenceVectors,getAnchor2,read,addPerturbedContacts,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,testCollision,raycast,raycast,dColliderFn,read,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,createVector3Buffer,getRadius,getVertices,getRotation,getSliceRadius,getRadius,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,getAnchor1,getInfo2,duUpdateGeometryNormals,read,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,read,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,intersectsBox,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getRotation,read,setConvex,getInfo2,dConnectingJointList,dCalcVectorDot3_14,CheckEdgeIntersection,dVector3CrossMat3Col,createBody,glUniformMatrix4,updateGeometry,getLocalBounds,batch,createMass,FOO2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getYMonotonePolygons,dCollideHeightfield,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToSphere,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setDynamic,dCollideRayCylinder,getBodyCount,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,GJKAlgorithm(C),dCollideSpherePlane,newBodiesIndexPair,contains,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,JointInfo(C),removeFixtures,getUp,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,collideWith,StripBox(C),getI,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getRandomPoint,TST1,getAnchor1,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getLocalPointOnBody2,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,getAnchor1,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,initializeConstraints,setLimitsEnabled,setLimits,toString,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),read,setLowerLimit,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,create,getI,getBones,getRadius,setMovedCallback,setSphereTotal,getReceivers,getLocalBounds,LightList(C),SliderJoint(C),mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,solve1,HingeJoint(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,computeOffset,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,from,DxJointUniversal(C),contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,setNumAxes,getAxes,toRotationMatrix,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),set,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,getInfo1,addTorque,read,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),reset,getSurfaceTangentRotation,write,read,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,solveVelocityContraints,getBone2,updateListenerParam,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,makeGeometry,dotColCol,dotCol,dGeomRaySet,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),decompose,ConstraintSolver(C),renderGeometryList,cloneForSpatial,read,solvePositionConstraint,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,SpotLight(C),getEdgeTo,getPrevious,dJointSetDHingeAxis,dColliderFn,getInfo1,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dInvertPDMatrix,updateGeometry,getInfo2,DxJointTransmission(C),computeLastDistance,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,getRoots,dCollideCapsulePlane,write,isZero,raycast,read,write,add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,vRotateCamera,lengthSquared,positiveRank,solvePositionContraints,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,DxSphere(C),buildShader,setShaderFile,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadModel,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,getVertexUniforms,render,write,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,loadModel,updateLightListUniforms,transformDirection,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,Cinematic(C),dRfromQ,FixedJoint(C),solve,testAndAddDiscContact,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandBodiesStartA,initEvent,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,addToRootBone,setRotationSpeed,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,intersect,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,spatialTolight,getOccludersToRender,write,write,write,computeBlendFactors,update,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),setTexture,filterLights,JobListener(C),getOccludersToRender,distanceToCam,populateProbes,setAngularDamping,reset,,R,fixRefreshFlags,rotate,lerp,displayShadowMap,init,displayShadowMap,updateProbe,getShadowCamera,getInfo1,renderProcessing,getRadius1,read,update,getColor,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,Impulse(C),dotCol,read,read,getBody,fromOpenGL,setArg,dJointSetFixed,setValue,read,isAllowed,onPlay,postFrame,write,,read,postFrame,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,postFrame,LastTextureState(C),read,read,requiresSceneAsTexture,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,Sphere(C),bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,postFrame,,getValueAsString,testHardwareSupported,dColliderFn,Dome(C),dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,write,isEmpty,SliderJointInfo(C),isOutside,setGeometryData,read,render,getRadius,setWorldMatrix,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,random,add,getInfo2,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,setAxes,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,dRFromAxisAndAngle,Rotation(C),onAction,MotionTrack(C),setCamera,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,write,write,swap,read,cloneForSpatial,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,write,read,read,write,read,read,read,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,filterLights,setEnabled,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),WireSphere(C),SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,attachScene,OccludersExtractor(C),HingeJointInfo(C),GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,cleanup,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),setTransformRefresh,reloadMaterial,ConstraintSolverData(C),getFormatsForCaps,distanceToCam,addLimot,ThreadedProcessJobStart,visit,computeZFar,render,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),createSky]},
vertices:{[org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.ui.Picture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger], [createMass,getRadius,getVertices,updateLength,getRadius,addNormal,read,countConnections,computeLocalInertiaTensor,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,setToleranceAngle,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,calcTexArea,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),createCircle,read,getVertices,getRotation,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,computeClosestPointForSubset,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),solvePositionConstraints,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,getYMonotonePolygons,getTargetVertexIndex,duUpdateGeometryTextures,last,onNewTexture,setConvex,gim_aabbset_update,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,coplanar_tri_tri,link,_cldClipping,read,_cldTestAxis,collide,ParticleEmitter(C),_CalculateAxis,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,scaleTextureCoordinates,loadCapabilitiesCommon,read,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),CollisionResult(C),set,setVelocity,read,getHeightfieldData,createTriangulation,getBezierP1toP2Length,call,get,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),transform,FetchTriangleCount,read,getLocalToWorldMatrix,call,updateWorldLightList,compare,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,TriangleData(C),toString,BIHTriangle(C),setTexture,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,read,MakeMatrix,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dColliderFn,createCopy,dColliderFn,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,toRotationMatrix,write,getRadius,getAnchor,hashCode,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,getRotation,read,setConvex,getInfo2,dJointCreateBall,dCROSS,dVector3Cross,read,createDBallJoint,glBindTexture,read,getTransformMatrix,decompose,read,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,getType,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dColliderFn,Fixture(C),AbstractCollidable(C),write,raycast,raycast,updateSleepingBodies,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeLocalInertiaTensor,createMass,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,dJointSetAMotorNumAxes,initializeConstraints,read,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,FOO2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryTextures,dMassSetCylinder,dCollideSpherePlane,ccdGeomToCap,doubleSize,write,GJKAlgorithm(C),DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,read,write,clone,dCollideHeightfield,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetRotation,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,getRotation,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dBodyGetRotation,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getBodyCount,setSourceParams,read,getUp,read,getVelocity,setLightFilter,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getPrevious,toRotationMatrix,from,getAxes,createMass,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setNumAxes,getAxes,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),set,createMass,DirectionalLight(C),updateFrustumPoints2,Light(C),AmbientLight(C),getRoots,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,JointInfo(C),createSweptAABB,collideWith,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),write,isZero,raycast,read,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,orthogonalLineFit,add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,updateCamera,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,getJointSpeed,getReactionTorque,getRadius,write,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,write,computeAABB,intersect,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dInvertPDMatrix,run,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandBodiesStartA,dRfromQ,getRotation,testAndAddDiscContact,dColliderFn,setZoomSpeed,setZoomSpeed,getRadius,rotate,dColliderFn,triangulate,SkeletonPoints(C),getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,cleanProbes,TST1,read,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,getLocalPointOnBody2,mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,solve1,countConnections,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,initializeConstraints,setMaxAngularSpeed,setAngularTarget,setLimitsEnabled,toString,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),write,createSky,getVelocityVariation,getTextureMode,setCamera,setCamera,AngleJoint(C),cleanup,MotionTrack(C),read,generateIrradianceMap,getInterBoneWires,calcScreenArea,getGeometry,addToInstancedGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,read,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,clearMatParams,read,Quad(C),postFrame,reload,compare,visit,create,getI,getJoints,getRotation,setCapsule,setMaterialParameters,SliderJoint(C),HingeJoint(C),removeProcessor,solvePositionContraints,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,dJointGetPRPositionRate,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),setMaterialParameters,PointLightShadowRenderer(C),write,read,getWrapMode,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),setSpeed,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,cleanup,createLumShader,initialize,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,switchToSoftware,read,read,loadTexture,write,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,read,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,loadTexture,read,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,distanceToCam,compare,read,dColliderFn,dJointGetSliderPosition,dJointGetPistonPositionRate,getBone2,dJointGetDHingeAnchor1,getFlyByCamera,dotColCol,dGeomRaySet,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),applyVelocityVariation,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,fromTransformMatrix,LightControl(C),checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,registerBinding,updatePositions,getInfo2,extractIndirectLights,initialize,loadFpsText,dColliderFn,modifyTexture,dRemoveRowCol,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRFromAxisAndAngle,setOrientation,Rw,Eigen3f(C),resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,glActiveTexture,Technique(C),triangulate,updateUniformBindings,Rotation(C),onAction,read,getBody,setArg,dJointSetFixed,setValue,read,isAllowed,onPlay,getFormatsForCaps,makeGeometry,ConstraintSolver(C),getDuration,write,isEmpty,getSpeed,getPlaceholderImage,getAnchor2,read,read,render,isLineWrap,merge,setAlignment,read,update,getTexture,solve,read,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,createSimpleClone,getLight,write,getCapsule,computeAABB,write,write,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,setAxes,solve,lengthSquared,addConstrainedBallJoint,warmstart,setEnabled,dColliderFn,render,Impulse(C),setCamera,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,setEnabled,postQueue,update,computeZFar,render,requiresDepthAsTexture,generatePbrMaps,getRadius,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setMode,AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,makeCurrent,makeCurrent,getSpeed,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),generateDeclarationAndMainBody,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,SliderJointInfo(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setupTextureSwizzle,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),addLimot,ThreadedProcessJobStart,setImage,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isOutside,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,reset,,HingeJointInfo(C),getInfo2,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolverData(C),init]},
triangle:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.light.LightList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.post.Pass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic], [SetupInitialContext,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),last,setToleranceAngle,onNewTexture,dPrintMatrix,setMinMax,dMakeRandomMatrix,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,scaleTextureCoordinates,updateUniform,read,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,read,read,setRotateSpeed,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,set,collideWithVertex,averagePoints,computeAABB,createTriangulation,sphericalToCartesian,call,get,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createPolygonalSliceAtOrigin,distanceToEdge,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,setMaterial,setMaterial,getDistanceSquare,call,getMaterial,compare,contains,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,TriangleData(C),toString,BIHTriangle(C),coplanar_tri_tri,countConnections,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,MakeMatrix,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,setTexture,computeLocalInertiaTensor,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,createVector3Buffer,getRadius,read,getVertices,getRotation,getSliceRadius,getRadius,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,getAnchor1,getInfo2,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,read,gim_aabbset_alloc,dColliderFn,createCopy,dColliderFn,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,setInverseRotationDegrees,write,getRadius,getAnchor,hashCode,addPerturbedContacts,read,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,_cldTestAxis,dColliderFn,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,setEulerReferenceVectors,initializeConstraints,read,update,update,notifyRemovedOverlappingPair,setMaterial,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,testCollision,setConvex,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotation,read,setConvex,getInfo2,dConnectingJointList,dOrthogonalizeR,dBoxTouchesBox,read,createSphere,glDeleteShader,Cylinder(C),collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getYMonotonePolygons,read,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,intersectsBox,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,FOO2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getLocalBounds,createMass,duUpdateGeometryTextures,dCollideHeightfield,getBodyCount,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToSphere,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setDynamic,dCollideRayCylinder,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,GJKAlgorithm(C),dCollideSpherePlane,contains,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,collideWith,JointInfo(C),removeFixtures,getUp,getI,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,TST1,getRandomPoint,solve1,getAnchor1,decompose,setForcedMaterial,write,getMaterial,create,getI,getJoints,getRadius,setMovedCallback,rotate,clearMaterialParameters,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getAnchor1,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,setAngularTarget,setLimitsEnabled,getLocalPointOnBody2,setLimits,toString,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),read,setLowerLimit,SliderJoint(C),updateListenerParam,read,read,getVelocity,HingeJoint(C),duUpdateGeometryTextures,LightList(C),getLocalBounds,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,computeOffset,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,toString,addTorques,DxJointUniversal(C),addTorque,from,addTorques,dJointGetPRPosition,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,reset,clone,write,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,setNumAxes,getAxes,toRotationMatrix,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,getBone2,setPrefilteredMap,intersectsBox,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),makeGeometry,ConstraintSolver(C),dotColCol,dotCol,dGeomRaySet,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,updateFrustumPoints,write,AmbientLight(C),write,dJointSetDHingeAxis,dInvertPDMatrix,dJointSetHingeAnchorDelta,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,dColliderFn,updateGeometry,solvePositionConstraint,getInfo2,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,dCollideCapsulePlane,dRFrom2Axes,solvePositionContraints,write,calculateEigen,write,isZero,raycast,read,add,read,getMatrix,read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,vRotateCamera,lengthSquared,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,onStop,solve,DxSphere(C),read,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,addToRootBone,setRotationSpeed,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,read,FixedJoint(C),getRadius,write,MotionTrack(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandBodiesStartA,intersect,testAndAddDiscContact,getInfo1,setAngularDamping,rotate,getRotation,Dome(C),getRadius1,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,switchToSoftware,read,read,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),loadMaterial,write,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,loadMaterial,read,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,update,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,attachScene,OccludersExtractor(C),getMaterial,PssmShadowFilter(C),getMaterial,cleanup,createLumShaders,initialize,read,triangulate,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,read,getBody,fromOpenGL,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,read,isAllowed,onPlay,Impulse(C),dotCol,setTransformRefresh,visit,clearMaterialParameters,clearMaterialParameters,buildShader,read,glActiveTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,getVertexUniforms,render,write,Technique(C),modifyTexture,render,render,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,getFlyByCamera,SkeletonPoints(C),dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getInterBoneWires,getWrapMode,generateIrradianceMap,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,read,compare,render,setGeometryComparator,setMaterialParameters,read,setMatParams,reload,compare,calcScreenArea,getRadius,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,random,isOutside,updateGeometry,read,getColor,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),render,SliderJointInfo(C),computeZFar,dRFromAxisAndAngle,Rotation(C),onAction,write,isEmpty,distanceToCam,compare,createSky,add,write,setEnabled,write,registerBinding,getInfo2,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,getInfo1,clone,write,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),contentEquals,filterLights,JobListener(C),populateProbes,getPlaceholderMaterial,getFormatsForCaps,countConnections,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,createSimpleClone,getCapsule,write,write,read,initialize,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),reset,,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,setCamera,R,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,WireSphere(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,done,init,getPassMaterial,HingeJointInfo(C),setEnabled,BasicShadowRenderer(C),filterLights,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,updateUniformBindings,ConstraintSolverData(C),,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,addLimot,render,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,render]},
material:{[com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle], [setSpotInnerAngle,registerBinding,createLumShaders,detachChildAt,getTriangleCount,collideWith,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,write,write,write,createTriangle,loadFpsText,distanceToCam,compare,read,getRadius,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,read,convertElementMode,setPostShadowParams,write,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,updateShadowCams,updateFrustumPoints,getPlaceholderImage,getGeometry,add,updateInstance,rotate,compare,getTriangleIndex,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,read,decomposePolygon,read,Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_update,setViewProjection,triangulate,MotorJoint(C),dCROSS,getFrictionCoefficient,getScenes,processTriangle,visit,degenPrologue,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setEnabled,read,postFrame,read,loadGuiFont,getMaxVerticalRotation,update,read,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,getTriangleCount,clearValue,Shader(C),read,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,write,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,getTriangleCount,loadFont,reload,read,createClone,,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,loadFont,getInterBoneWires,cleanup,createOffCamera,update,setMeshType,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,getRadius,write,setImage,clone,updateProbe,getJointSpeed,triangulate,dBodyGetMass,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),isVarying,init,transformDirection,write,write,,read,write,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,read,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,getTriangleCount,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,SupportIndex,getAngularSpeed,computeBlendFactors,setOwner,write,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,write,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,write,write,read,write,computeAABB,SetData,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),R,getFormatsForCaps,MotionTrack(C),reset,,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),rotate,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,getTriangle,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),raycast,computeZFar,getAxes,createSky,getReferenceFace,render,getReactionForce,write,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),countConnections,getRotation,ContactSolver(C),AngleJoint(C),solveVelocityConstraints,write,write,read,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,read,getAxes,setWorldMatrix,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,solvePositionConstraints,computeFromTris,read,distanceToNearPlane,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,write,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,clearUpperTriangle,controlUpdate,allocateTriangleBuffer,getSpeed,getBone,read,read,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,dJointAddAMotorTorques,setSourceParams,read,getUp,read,getVelocity,read,isPointInTriangle,BodyFixture(C),Fixture(C),equals,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,contains,write,isZero,raycast,read,getHeight,getMaximumRotation,write,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,ConvexMeshShape(C),add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,intersectWherePlanar,oppositeLocal,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,_cldTestOneTriangle,dVector3Cross,read,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,deepClone,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dRfromQ,testAndAddDiscContact,computeFromTris,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,run,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,getQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,getRotation,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createPlane,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,gim_trimesh_get_triangle_count,getRadius1,dJointCreatePlane2D,addTorques,getInfo2,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,getInfo2,setNumAxes,getAxes,getHalfHeight,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),set,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getRadius,toString,BoxShape(C),swapProblem,setRotationQuaternion,raycast,raycast,GetPointFromBarycentric,dRemoveRowCol,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,viewCol,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dBoxBox,setCapsule,viewCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,interpolateTransforms,R,dRfromQ,setOrientation,Eigen3f(C),computeLocalInertiaTensor,dCollideBoxPlane,triangulate,getMass,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dJointSetFixed,getAnchor1,isEnabledAndDynamic,computeInitialRelativeRotation,read,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,DynamicsWorld(C),read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,dColliderFn,read,getHeight,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),computeInitialRelativeRotation,collideWith,collideWith,setAxisDelta,setAsleep,addFixture,ConstraintSolver(C),write,isActive,checkMotionAllowed,isActive,solveVelocityContraints,enableMotor,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,getInfo2,mapJoystick,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,computeAABB,getAxes,dColliderFn,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,read,write,onPlay,read,getSpeed,getRadius,computeAABB,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getRadius,getBody,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,GJKAlgorithm(C),addContactPoint,setFrictionImpulse2,mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,createVector3Buffer,setArg,getTorque,read,isAllowed,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,setParams,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,hashCode,initializeConstraints,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,getInfo2,AssignIslandSelection,compute_invM_JT,AssignInfo,dxStepIsland_Stage3,Island(C),setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),AssignIslandSelection,add,computeInitialRelativeRotation,DESTRUCTOR,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,render,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,DxWorld(C),Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,contains,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getJointSpeed,enableMotor,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,makeGeometry,initParticleData,Rotation(C),onAction,addNormal,impulseToForce,rotate,newBodiesIndexPair,DVector3ColView(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,rotate,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),solvePositionConstraints,toString,addTorques,addTorque,solvePositionConstraints,addTorques,addTorque,dColliderFn,intersect,JointInfo(C),pointInsideTriangle,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,initParticleData,initParticleData,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,collide,ConstraintSolverData(C),solveVelocityConstraint,calcScreenArea,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,getTangentialImpulse,toString,isOutside,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getInfo2,setConvex,setPlanePoints,solvePositionContraints,Triangle(C),addLimot,HingeJointInfo(C),last,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,convertToHalf,getTargetVertexIndex,getInfo2,Impulse(C),dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,solve,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,SliderJointInfo(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,collideWith,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C)]},
hinge:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh], [dInitColliders,setAxes,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,getMotorForce,DxRagdoll(C),getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,dJointCreateTransmission,dJointSetHingeAnchor,createHeightfieldData,getVertexIterator,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),update,getInfo2,getInfo2,setAxisDelta,getJointSpeed,dJointGetPRPosition,testCollision,solveVelocityConstraint,HingeJointInfo(C),getLimot2,dJointSetLMotorParam,getInfo1,TRIANGLE_PLANE,getReactionTorque,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,getMode,computeCurrentHingeAngle,setFriction,getAngle,SliderJointInfo(C),setLimitsEnabled,setLimitEnabled,solveTOI,m_stepperArena,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,getBodies,createSweptAABB,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),write,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getMaterial,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,getTorque,getBody2,getReactionTorque,getBody1,getReactionTorque,getBody,setFrictionVector2,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionTorque,remove,getCollideBits,getReactionTorque,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,setMaximumTorque,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,allow,allow,destroyed,setRelativeValues,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),read,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,makeProbe,isOutside,ThreadedProcessJobStart,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setXParamFMax,toString,onStop,createMass,addLimot,Impulse(C),depthFirstTraversal,getNormalImpulse,dotCol,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,getFrictionVector2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),BallAndSocketJoint(C),generateUniforms,collide,collide2,initialize,getInfo2,addFaceCandidate,oldClone,zoomCamera,bindCamera,AnimationEvent(C),update,addToRootBone,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,MotionEvent(C),setupTextureSwizzle,solve,render,setGuiBounding,write,dCROSS,lengthSquared,write,dRFrom2Axes,lengthSquare,oppositeLocal,fromOpenGL,dVector3Cross,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,invert,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,ccdCollide,isAllowed,hertelMehlhorn,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,breadthFirstTraversal,buildAnimation,setVolume,multAcross,dRSetIdentity,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,dIsPositiveDefinite,setSpatial,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,addTorques,createMass,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,Ellipse(C),snapshot,getAxes,HalfEllipse(C),AXES(C),read,lerp,computeLastDistance,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),initParticleData,setWarmStartDistance,createMass,Rectangle(C),initParticleData,fixRefreshFlags,getRadius,distanceSquared,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRadius,read,initParticleData,updateFilter,read,breadthFirstTraversal,read,clearUpperTriangle,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,getInfo2,read,updateGeometry,JointInfo(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,makeGeometry,read,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,getTriangleCount,getBone2,attachChild,write,read,read,isCollisionEnabled,read,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,countConnections,setWorldMatrix,updateGeometry,write,switchToHardware,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),writeConnections,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,computeLastDistance,SkeletonDebugger(C),getTangentialImpulse,convertElementMode,controlUpdate,influenceParticle,write,read,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,isPointInTriangle,solveVelocityContraints,collideWithRay,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,read,generateIrradianceMap,mixFriction,equals,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,pointInsideTriangle,invoke,setAxisDelta,create,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,add,dSolveLCP,lengthSquared,dBoxBox,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),PerformCollisionChecking,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,dMassSetCapsule,getI,rotate,equals,computeLastDistance,updateFrustumPoints2,getTriangle,collideWith,computeLastDistance,collide,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),createFrustum,validate,computeFromTris,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),computeAABB,penEPAPos,loadGuiFont,createTriangle,translate,transformDirection,computeLastDistance,setCamera,setCamera,updatePositions,read,VEC_SCALE,extractIndirectLights,setTextureMode,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),setScene,render,getPointDepth,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,write,write,read,read,setGeometryData,computeLocalInertiaTensor,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,setParams,distance,clone,read,processTriangleData,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,dColliderFn,setSpotInnerAngle,duUpdateGeometryVertices,dColliderFn,createSky,addNormal,dColliderFn,getPoint,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,intersect,dColliderFn,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,addOccluders,computeZFar,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,dColliderFn,initFrustumCam,read,setMeshes,getRandomPointAndNormal,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,read,read,renderViewPort,dLDLTAddTL,Eigen3f(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getShadowCamera,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,modifyTexture,read,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadFont,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,read,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,loadFont,onMeshDrawn,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,init,dColliderFn,renderProcessing,reset,,R,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,requiresSceneAsTexture,read,write,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,CubeMapWrapper(C),clone,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,GetSupportSide,Fixture(C),interpolatePath,BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,read,write,read,read,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,filterLights,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,dColliderFn,registerBinding,detachChildAt,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,getScenes,cleanup,getGeometry,add,compare,getTriangleIndex,setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,compare,triangulate,dCollideBTL,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dCollideBTL,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dCollideHeightfieldZone,triangulate,cloneFields,dColliderFn,write,distanceToCam,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,write,isZero,raycast,orthogonalLineFit,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,intersectWherePlanar,lengthSquared,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,collideWith,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),DxGimpact(C),setSpatial,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,MotionTrack(C),intersectBrute,read,cloneForSpatial,write,write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,Triangle(C),setPlanePoints,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,merge,degenPrologue,setConvex,convertToHalf,render,setCamera,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,testCollision,setEnabled,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,visit,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,compare,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,last,getTargetVertexIndex,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,createCopy,getNormal,run,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),collideWith,collideWith,SnapshotJob(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn]},
velocity:{[com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.math.Plane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator], [updateFilter,solvePositionConstraints,destroyRigidBody,read,getMaterial,setWarmStartDistance,read,influenceParticle,isOnIsland,write,Joint(C),toString,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,Joint(C),setVolume,solveVelocityContraints,setMaxMotorTorque,Ellipse(C),setLowerLimit,toString,add,getTranslation,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,FixedJoint(C),getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,getJointSpeed,makeGeometry,getAnchor1,setLimitsEnabled,write,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,initialize,addToRootBone,getTorque,rotateCamera,getFixture1,initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,initEvent,setupTextureSwizzle,getInfo2,DxJointAMotor(C),create,initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),initializeConstraints,getQuaternion,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,dJointCreatePlane2D,spaceCollide2,setNumAxes,getBound,getCollideBits,getLimot2,dMULTIPLY0_333,getBone2,setLength,setLimitsEnabled,updateGeometry,initialize,DistanceJoint(C),read,rotate,solve,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,getInfo2,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,getInfo2,addTorque,read,loadCapabilitiesGL2,read,getTangentialImpulse,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,getBones,getBody2,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,HingeJointInfo(C),dMassSetParameters,getAxes,getI,getBones,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,updateAABB,contains,write,toString,addFixture,read,removeFixture,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),getInfo2,ConstraintSolverData(C),dIsPositiveDefinite,dxStepIsland_Stage1,setBall,setAutoDisableDefaults,unassociateFromGroupNode,m_stepperArena,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,detect,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,getInfo2,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,read,initParticleData,getAxes,rotate,isEqualTo,getAxes,SliderJointInfo(C),CylinderShape(C),mixFriction,equals,Impulse(C),write,dotCol,getInfo2,buildAnimation,CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,getRadius1,collideWithTri,write,getInfo1,_CalculateAxis,render,computeClosestPoint,getInfo2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),_cldClipping,getRadius,initParticleData,write,onFrustumChange,lerp,set,write,write,initParticleData,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,computeLastDistance,getPointDepth,setParams,write,distance,deepClone,run,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getRadius,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,AABB(C),cleanse,read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,updateGeometry,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,write,getAngleBetween,rotate,read,setBody2,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,onStop,addLimot,write,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,generatePbrMaps,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeNarrowPhase,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),write,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),write,Quaternion(C),dRFrom2Axes,dRSetIdentity,onAction,getClosestCollision,write,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getAxes,countConnections,read,isOutside,dGeomRaySet,generateUniforms,calcScreenArea,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),read,swap,write,isZero,raycast,write,add,read,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,dVector3Cross,read,write,SkeletonWire(C),SkeletonPoints(C),write,fromOpenGL,dMaxDifference,setArg,setValue,dMaxDifference,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,dColliderFn,read,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,SupportIndex,rotate,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,intersect,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dSolveLCP,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getPrevious,setTransformRefresh,getInfo2,computeAABB,setMinMax,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,read,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,maxDifference,call,sortPlanes,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,gim_aabbset_alloc,batch,collide,collide2,coplanar_tri_tri,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,dColliderFn,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),read,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,dColliderFn,computeAABB,dColliderFn,setCamera,setCamera,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,collideWith,collideWith,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,render,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setShader,penEPAPos,generateIrradianceMap,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onShaderUse,testCollision,addPerturbedContacts,collideWith,cleanup,LightControl(C),setWorldMatrix,getInfo2,read,write,dColliderFn,BAR2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setConvex,glAttachShader,dCollideHeightfield,renderGeometryList,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,makeCurrent,add,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),read,SkeletonDebugger(C),computeUnionBound,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,render,StripBox(C),read,write,AmbientLight(C),write,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,read,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,createSky,read,read,attachScene,read,cleanup,renderProcessing,initialize,write,render,dLDLTAddTL,Eigen3f(C),ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,getShadowCamera,SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,OccludersExtractor(C),compare,displayShadowMap,displayShadowMap,setLighting,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,glGetShader,render,triangulate,write,cloneForSpatial,write,read,getShaderGenerator,cloneFields,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,setShaderGenerator,read,write,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),MotionTrack(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,Fixture(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),write,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),render,postQueue,reload,createClone,,read,update,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,getTexture,duUpdateGeometryNormals,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,isVarying,init,write,,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,reset,,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),duUpdateGeometryNormals,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setEnabled,read,JointInfo(C),gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,computeZFar,dColliderFn,reloadMaterial,write,write,write,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,visit,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,dColliderFn,read,filterLights,getFormatsForCaps,distanceToCam,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,compare]},
collision:{[org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig], [solveTOI,updateAABB,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeNextAvailableBodyID,integrateRigidBodiesPositions,setBody1,toString,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,isActive,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,isActive,collision,addContactPoint,collision,JointInfo(C),isOnIsland,getRotation,setGeometry,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,setBound,testCollision,DxGimpact(C),getInfo2,initializeConstraints,getOffsetTransform,_cldTestAxis,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,getRadius,getRadius,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,raycast,raycast,GJKAlgorithm(C),gim_merge_contacts,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceToEdge,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,collideWith,collideWith,MakeMatrix,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,SetupInitialContext,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,coplanar_tri_tri,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,createMass,Fixture(C),emitParticle,interpolatePath,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,setVelocity,read,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,getInvRadius,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,setTexture,getLocalBounds,CheckEdgeIntersection,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,setRotationQuaternion,setFrustumPerspective,getRadius,isEnabledAndDynamic,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,sortPlanes,createCylinder,buildCallback,BAR2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dCollideHeightfield,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToCyl,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,dQuatInvTransform,getRotation,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dNormalize4,dBodyCreate,dCollideRayCylinder,dMakeRandomVector,setMinMax,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,updateUniform,setToleranceAngle,read,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),plusEq,distanceToEdge,createTriangulation,sphericalToCartesian,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createCircle,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,hasChild,rotate,getDistanceSquare,call,computeWorldMatrix,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),toString,BIHTriangle(C),addPerturbedContacts,getRotation,read,setConvex,getInfo2,dJointCreateHinge,glUniformMatrix4,getRadius2,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,getTransformMatrix,updateGeometry,onNewTexture,compare,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,setInBuffer,getRadius,getVertices,getRotation,getSliceRadius,getRadius,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,getJointSpeed,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,dCollideSpherePlane,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,collideWith,read,getYMonotonePolygons,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,computeAABB,getI,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,DxJointDHinge(C),dJointSetHingeAxis,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,getRadius,getAngularSpeed,getRandomPoint,getInfo2,write,scaleMatrix,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),solve1,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,StripBox(C),dColliderFn,add,eqProd,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,dLDLTAddTL,updateListenerParam,read,read,getVelocity,read,dJointSetSliderAxis,dJointSetPistonAxis,getTangentialImpulse,PulleyJoint(C),warmStart,WeldJoint(C),dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,MotorJoint(C),solvePositionConstraints,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,toString,FrictionJoint(C),solvePositionConstraints,computeTargetDirection,dCollideCapsulePlane,resetLimits,resetLimits,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,toTransformMatrix,AngleJoint(C),dJointSetLMotorAxis,addTorques,getLimot2,getBone2,getInfo2,getAnchor1,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),read,create,getI,getBones,getRadius,getRotation,setCylinder,write,setMaximumRotation,influenceParticle,write,read,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,intersectsBox,dQSetIdentity,makeGeometry,project,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,multLocal,call,getAxes,AXES(C),set,isOutside,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,dJointSetPRAxis2,addTorque,read,computeLastDistance,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,write,setViewPort,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,write,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),equals,computeAABB,ConstraintSolver(C),decompose,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,testAndAddDiscContact,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,intersect,write,isZero,raycast,read,add,read,getRotationAngleAxis,read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dispose,update,addToRootBone,rotateCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,enqueueCinematicEvent,DxRagdoll(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),read,isAllowed,run,trigger,makeProbe,addLimot,Island(C),write,ThreadedProcessJobStart,buildShader,read,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadModel,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,updateLightListUniforms,read,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,loadModel,updateLightListUniforms,transformDirection,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,updateGeometry,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,calcScreenArea,DxJointFixed(C),write,read,write,read,read,setPoi,render,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),read,distanceToCam,populateProbes,R,init,reset,,write,createFrustum,updateAverageLuminance,FixedJoint(C),getRadius,postFrame,setValue,postFrame,read,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,reload,postFrame,controlRenderHardware,createClone,,solvePositionContraints,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,clone,postQueue,postFrame,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,getRadius,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getValueAsString,countConnections,addTimeRotation,updatePositions,solve,setEnabled,read,update,onStop,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),filterLights,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,setGeometryData,setCamera,ungroupSceneGraph,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,getRadius,render,rotateCameraAligned,rotate,getRotationTransform,updateGeometry,setKeyframes,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),getRadius,registerBinding,render,distanceToCam,getRadius1,MotionTrack(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),SliderJointInfo(C),getInnerRadius,addOccluders,getGeometry,add,read,compare,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,read,compare,setTime,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,write,update,cloneForSpatial,set,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,setSpatial,cloneFields,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRfromQ,setOrientation,triangulate,setArg,isAllowed,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,getRadius,getOuterRadius,computeZFar,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),attachScene,Impulse(C),visit,cleanup,onAction,HingeJointInfo(C),getFormatsForCaps,getRadius,triangulate,createSky,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius]},
collidable:{[com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState], [read,CheckEdgeIntersection,read,collideWith,prepareForAnim,gim_merge_contacts,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,getSleepLinearVelocity,isEmpty,setGeometry,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,DxGimpact(C),addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,dJointAddAMotorTorques,initializeConstraints,getParent,computeAABB,read,collideWith,collideWith,coplanar_tri_tri,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,getRadius,computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,_cldTestAxis,dColliderFn,read,IntersectCapsuleTri,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,compare,dColliderFn,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,SetupInitialContext,dColliderFn,setVelocity,getRotation,setConvex,getInfo2,setFrustumPerspective,dJointCreatePiston,dMULTIPLY0_333,GETCOL,GETCOL,dQuatInvTransform,createPistonJoint,sortPlanes,read,oldClone,glDeleteShader,read,BAR2,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,getLocalBounds,getFarthestFeature,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,setBody1,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToCap,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dxStepBody,dCollideRayCylinder,read,setTexture,computeAABB,addPerturbedContacts,DxHeightfieldData(C),setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,gatherGeometries,write,dMakeRandomVector,setMinMax,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,loadCapabilitiesGL2,visit,read,setInitialVelocity,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),set,createTriangulation,sphericalToCartesian,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createCapsule,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,write,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),rotateAboutCenter,BIHTriangle(C),Fixture(C),write,createMass,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,read,contains,destroy,JointInfo(C),setRotationDiscRadius,getRotation,countConnections,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,PointLight(C),read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dSolveLCP,onNewTexture,GJKAlgorithm(C),dCollideSpherePlane,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,setInBuffer,getRadius,getVertices,getRotation,getSliceRadius,contains,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,PrismaticJoint(C),dJointAddHinge2Torques,add,eqProd,ray_sphere_helper,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),dRemoveRowCol,read,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getYMonotonePolygons,write,scaleMatrix,setSphere,dQSetIdentity,getAngularTranslation,read,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryTextures,computeInitialRelativeRotation,dJointSetPistonAnchorOffset,updateListenerParam,read,read,getVelocity,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),computeLocalInertiaTensor,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,dJointGetDHingeAnchor1,dColliderFn,computeInitialRelativeRotation,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,dColliderFn,getInfo2,intersectsBox,LightList(C),dJointSetLMotorAxis,setMaxMotorTorque,setNumAxes,setMaxMotorForce,getRelativeRotation,dJointAddUniversalTorques,getBone2,getTangentialImpulse,PulleyJoint(C),warmStart,getRelativeRotation,DxWorld(C),setMaxAngularSpeed,getAngularError,setLimitsEnabled,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,FrictionJoint(C),DistanceJoint(C),computeTargetDirection,write,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,write,computeLastDistance,getRoots,getRelativeRotation,makeGeometry,removeJointFromJointsList,setMaximumRotation,influenceParticle,write,read,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,create,toString,addTorques,addTorque,getTorque,addTorques,computeInitialRelativeRotation,addTorque,read,dCollideCapsulePlane,getI,getBones,rotateAboutCenter,setCapsule,getReceivers,renderGeometryList,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,write,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,write,decompose,read,computeAABB,write,onAction,addToRootBone,onAction,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,solvePositionConstraints,write,getInfo2,getAnchor1,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),read,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,intersect,duUpdateGeometryTextures,testAndAddDiscContact,mixFriction,equals,project,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,render,getAxes,AXES(C),read,dColliderFn,write,isZero,raycast,read,add,read,subtract,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,dJointSetFixed,modifyTexture,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRfromQ,setOrientation,Rw,write,glActiveTexture,render,triangulate,write,updateUniformBindings,isOutside,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,calcScreenArea,addOccluders,computeZFar,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,write,getRadius,read,read,applySkinning,getPointDepth,write,getRadius,initialize,solvePositionConstraint,updatePositions,buildAnimation,solve,clearValue,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Joints,buildShader,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadModel,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,write,render,write,loadModel,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,addBody,getReceivers,getReceivers,render,onPause,addLimot,write,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),write,getBody2,getBody,run,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getQuaternion,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,read,makeProbe,setCamera,setCamera,write,write,write,write,update,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,ThreadedProcessJobStart,clear,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,reset,,rotate,set,init,write,countConnections,read,HingeJointInfo(C),renderProcessing,createFrustum,createSky,MotionTrack(C),attachScene,read,cleanup,write,write,read,update,getColor,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,onAction,getShadowCamera,write,,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,requiresSceneAsTexture,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,triangulate,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,render,SkeletonPoints(C),write,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,setTransformRefresh,read,write,getRadius1,getFormatsForCaps,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,Impulse(C),setEnabled,read,ConstraintSolverData(C),getTargetBoneIndex,setArg,read,isAllowed,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),filterLights,visit,SliderJointInfo(C),getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,read,compare,getInterBoneWires,initialize,rotate,distanceToCam,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),reloadMaterial]},
mass:{[org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.light.LightFilter], [HalfEllipse(C),getAxes,applyTorque,dMassSetParameters,getMaterial,getAxes,getInertia,getI,getBones,rotateAboutCenter,setQuaternion,getI,createSapSpace,updateAABB,getAxes,setLight,updateFilter,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),toString,getAxes,rotate,clone,getAxes,initializeConstraints,getAnchor1,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,getRadius1,dJointCreatePlane2D,initializeConstraints,CylinderShape(C),computeMixedRestitutionFactor,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,DxJointSlider(C),pointInsideTriangle,invoke,setAxisDelta,Transform(C),ConstraintSolver(C),destroyRigidBody,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getMaximumRotation,read,clone,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),read,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,Joint(C),Listener(C),solveVelocityContraints,HingeJoint(C),setLength,toString,addTorques,getLimot2,addTorque,setNumAxes,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,DistanceJoint(C),DxJointPR(C),addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),updateGeometry,setLimitsEnabled,toString,getJointSpeed,getJointAngle,getRelativeRotation,CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,solvePositionContraints,getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,loadCapabilitiesGL2,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getTangentialImpulse,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,read,solve,getTranslation,FixedJoint(C),rotateCamera,DxJointAMotor(C),dLDLTRemove,getQuaternion,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,setAutoDisableDefaults,oldClone,makeGeometry,detect,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,getType,getPointDepth,setParams,write,distance,deepClone,ccdGeomToObj,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,setClipPlane,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createPolygonalCapsule,read,collideWithTri,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,write,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,setMaterial,createTriangulation,getRadius,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,prepareForAnim,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,dNormalize4,getBone2,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,Island(C),clone,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,rotateAboutCenter,ChaseCameraAppState(C),copy,updateCamera,removeFixture,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,SpotLight(C),m_stepperArena,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,Impulse(C),dotCol,read,computeAABB,getLight,doDisplayFrustumDebug,SliderJointInfo(C),WarmStartingContactManager(C),calcScreenArea,getInfo2,_CalculateAxis,setRelativeValues,write,addToRootBone,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,HingeJointInfo(C),addLimot,dJointSetPistonAxis,dQuatInvTransform,render,setQuaternion,onPause,ConstraintSolverData(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,setEnableCurrentCam,getVertexGlobal,getInfo2,intersect,dColliderFn,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,generatePbrMaps,getBody2,setBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),removeNoCollisionPair,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,getBodies,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,read,setInBuffer,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,read,write,write,add,read,subtract,read,getAngleBetween,getVolume,getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,Quaternion(C),lengthSquared,_cldClipping,dColliderFn,DxJointFixed(C),rotate,gim_aabbset_alloc,dColliderFn,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,setConvex,setCamera,setCamera,testCollision,penEPAPos,getAxes,isOutside,initParticleData,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getYMonotonePolygons,getPrevious,Decompose,generateUniforms,computeAABB,dMakeRandomVector,setMinMax,dMakeRandomVector,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,gim_trimesh_update_vertices,construct,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,setCol,call,get,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,FetchTriangleCount,addLight,computeClosestPoint,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),render,cleanup,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,render,dColliderFn,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,dCollideCCTL,getNormal,run,hashCode,dColliderFn,doBatch,DirectionalLight(C),AmbientLight(C),Light(C),write,buildAnimation,getInfo2,clone,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,getInfo2,dColliderFn,updateShadowCamera,setShader,dColliderFn,read,iterator,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,Bone(C),update,update,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onShaderUse,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,swapProblem,dColliderFn,render,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,dRSetIdentity,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,addPerturbedContacts,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,testCollision,renderGeometry,collide,collide2,render,countConnections,dColliderFn,countConnections,read,cleanProbes,createSky,initParticleData,lerp,set,dCollideHeightfield,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,rotateCameraAligned,rotate,controlUpdate,write,MotionTrack(C),doubleSize,dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,initParticleData,dCollideBoxPlane,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,applySkinning,write,read,loadMaterial,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,controlRender,CreateCatmullRomPath,loadMaterial,read,cloneForSpatial,setCamera,setConvex,glDeleteShader,duUpdateGeometryTextures,getRoots,fillFloatBuffer,swap,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,attachScene,process,getColor,read,initialize,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),setTransformRefresh,write,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,controlUpdate,dRFromZAxis,duUpdateGeometryNormals,SkeletonPoints(C),read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),initialize,Fixture(C),positiveRank,getMaterial,preFrame,preFrame,cleanup,renderProcessing,renderProcessing,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,spatialTolight,collideWith,onAction,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,TST2,setCamera,getType,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),getPassMaterial,setKeyframes,read,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,getValueAsString,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,getReceivers,read,getLight,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),computeZFar,setLighting,viewCol,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,viewCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,setOrientation,Rw,glGetShader,render,triangulate,BoneTrack(C),setEnabled,getVolume,setMatParams,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,reset,,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getMaterialParams,postFrame,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),init,setEnabled,clearValue,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,duUpdateGeometryTextures,render,render,reloadMaterial,visit,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,JointInfo(C),getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,compare,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,setArg,isAllowed,distanceToCam,initialize,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,DVector3ColView(C),filterLights]},
plane:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.material.MatParam,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener], [setConvex,getRotation,read,setConvex,getInfo2,setRotation,dConnectingJointList,dInvertMatrix3,GETCOL,read,GETCOL,dQuatInvTransform,read,connectingJoint,sortPlanes,SetupInitialContext,read,oldClone,glDeleteShader,read,read,dColliderFn,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,setVelocity,BAR2,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,write,dCollideSpherePlane,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,gim_merge_contacts,visit,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,coplanar_tri_tri,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,addJointToBody,dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,link,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,collideWith,prepareForAnim,createMass,collideWith,collideWith,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,addPerturbedContacts,computeAABB,IntersectCapsuleTri,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),clone,write,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,_cldTestAxis,getTargetVertexIndex,getDistanceSquare,countConnections,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToObj,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getFiniteRotationMode,dCollideRayCylinder,setGeometry,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,DxGimpact(C),addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,setEulerReferenceVectors,getAnchor2,setLocalRotation,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,getType,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),setTexture,getYMonotonePolygons,createCapsule,getRotation,last,onNewTexture,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,createVector3Buffer,getRadius,generate,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,getRotation,getRotation,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getAnchor1,dJointGetHinge2Axis1,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,loadCapabilitiesGL2,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),set,createTriangulation,getBezierP1toP2Length,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,setLightListRefresh,lookAt,call,compare,TriangleData(C),rotateAboutCenter,BIHTriangle(C),doBatch,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,multLocal,getRotation,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,DxHeightfieldData(C),setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,read,rotate,read,computeAABB,step,GJKAlgorithm(C),updateListenerParam,read,getRotation,read,getVelocity,LightList(C),dSolveLCP,add,eqProd,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),addFixture,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,getRotation,intersectsBox,duUpdateGeometryTextures,JointInfo(C),dLDLTAddTL,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,updateFrustumPoints2,clone,computeLastDistance,write,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,getAngularTranslation,computeLocalInertiaTensor,write,scaleMatrix,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,write,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getRotationColumn,computeAABB,dQSetIdentity,intersect,testAndAddDiscContact,decompose,dColliderFn,write,isZero,raycast,read,getMaximumRotation,add,read,getRotationAngleAxis,read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,getDownRotateOnCloseViewOnly,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,removeJointFromJointsList,duUpdateGeometryTextures,calcScreenArea,getCurrentCamera,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,dJointSetDHingeAxis,computeInitialRelativeRotation,computeInitialRelativeRotation,computeInitialRelativeRotation,dColliderFn,write,write,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,WeldJoint(C),dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,setAngularTarget,setLimitsEnabled,getPenetrationImpulse,getJointAngle,toString,FrictionJoint(C),DistanceJoint(C),getRotation,getTranslation,setAxis,solvePositionConstraint,addTorques,dJointAddUniversalTorques,getBone2,getInfo2,getJointAngle,createMass,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,render,getAxes,AXES(C),read,makeGeometry,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,updatePositions,toString,addTorques,addTorque,getFiniteRotationMode,addTorques,computeInitialRelativeRotation,addTorque,read,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,setRotation,DxCylinder(C),getSurfaceTangentRotation,write,read,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,setGeometryData,mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,create,getI,getJoints,rotateAboutCenter,setCapsule,checkCulling,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),setEnableCurrentCam,setTextureMode,setCamera,setCamera,getPointDepth,solvePositionConstraints,read,read,setMaxVerticalRotation,addToRootBone,mapJoystick,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,addOccluders,computeZFar,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,updateGeometry,createSky,getRadius,write,read,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setMode,AABB(C),getRadius,getBody,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,setScene,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,initialize,write,modifyTexture,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dQMultiply1,setOrientation,Rw,setTexture,glActiveTexture,render,triangulate,write,updateUniformBindings,getInfo2,updateTargetDistance,setAxes,read,render,getShadowCam,solve,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,render,buildShader,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadMaterial,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,getVertexUniforms,render,write,loadMaterial,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,solvePositionConstraint,isOutside,write,dJointSetFixed,render,render,clearValue,read,read,write,attachChild,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getFormatsForCaps,addHingeJoint,read,getFlyByCamera,getColor,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,Impulse(C),rotate,getRotationTransform,MotionTrack(C),getScenes,isRequiresSceneTexture,cleanup,reshape,renderFilterChain,reset,,doDisplayFrustumDebug,controlUpdate,write,write,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,init,SliderJointInfo(C),write,onPause,isEmpty,addToInstancedGeometry,SnapshotJob(C),getInterBoneWires,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,initFrustumCam,read,setPostShadowParams,reload,compare,visit,makeProbe,HingeJointInfo(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,read,read,cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,distanceToCam,getValueAsString,ConstraintSolverData(C),getShadowCamera,add,setKeyframes,write,,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,requiresSceneAsTexture,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,render,addTimeRotation,SkeletonPoints(C),registerBinding,InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,initialize,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,DxStepperProcessingCallContext(C),updateGeometry,setKeyframes,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),addLimot,read,setCamera,write,read,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,filterLights,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),setArg,isAllowed,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setEnabled,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,set,ThreadedProcessJobStart,onAction]},
torque:{[org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState], [isOnIsland,update,getJointSpeed,solvePositionConstraint,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setAutoDisableDefaults,dotCol,setIsSplitImpulseActive,setLimitsEnabled,Impulse(C),solvePositionConstraint,getReactionForce,setMaterial,getNormalImpulse,addBody,setRelativeValues,dLDLTRemove,getInfo1,toString,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,DxJointAMotor(C),getInfo2,dJointSetPRAxis2,getLimot2,SliderJointInfo(C),initialize,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,getTangentSpeed,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,getPenetrationImpulse,BallAndSocketJoint(C),dJointSetPistonAnchor,addLimot,setRelativeValues,removeAllJoints,createCapsule,m_stepperArena,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,addJoint,GetJointsArrayP,Island(C),getVertexGlobal,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getBody2,setOffsetRotation,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getRelativeRotation,remove,dJointCreatePlane2D,getRotation,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,FrictionJoint(C),getQuaternion,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getRotation,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,read,setInBuffer,generatePbrMaps,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),DxJointDHinge(C),solve,getBody2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),addContactInfo,INV_TRANSP_MAT_DOT_VEC_2X2,getFarthestFeature,updateGeometry,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,isOutside,toString,mixFriction,equals,getModelBound,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),generateUniforms,getInfo2,clone,FixedJoint(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),loadCapabilitiesGL2,HingeJointInfo(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,asin,invoke,setAxisDelta,fromTransformMatrix,getInfo2,makeGeometry,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,write,getMaximumRotation,read,renderFromControl,influenceParticle,write,read,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,setVolume,solveVelocityContraints,getHalfHeight,create,DxJointFixed(C),dMassSetParameters,getAxes,getI,rotateAboutCenter,setCapsule,updateAABB,getAxes,getReceivers,collide,collide2,getBound,dMULTIPLY0_333,getBone2,updateFilter,getFarthestPoint,getRadius1,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),write,ChaseCameraAppState(C),addToRootBone,rotateCamera,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,setEnableCurrentCam,getAxes,isEqualTo,getAxes,intersects,onPause,CylinderShape(C),CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,maxDifference,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,updateCamera,rotateAboutCenter,toRotationMatrix,removeFixture,getRadius,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,computeLastDistance,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,setParams,read,distance,deepClone,ccdGeomToObj,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,containsGui,AABB(C),createPolygonalCapsule,read,collideWithRay,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,write,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),JointInfo(C),getOccludersToRender,dMakeRandomVector,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dSolveLCP,dMakeRandomVector,computeLastDistance,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,computeAABB,buildCallback,initParticleData,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,read,doDisplayFrustumDebug,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,read,dGeomRaySet,setMinMax,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,read,collideWithBoundingVolume,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,getWorldBound,computeClosestPoint,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),calcScreenArea,buildAnimation,gim_aabbset_alloc,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,dColliderFn,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,dCollideCCTL,getNormal,run,hashCode,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,isZero,raycast,read,write,write,add,read,subtract,read,getAngleBetween,transform,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,toRotationMatrix,lengthSquared,SetupInitialContext,dQuatInvTransform,doBatch,setConvex,read,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,dColliderFn,computeAABB,addPerturbedContacts,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onShaderUse,setShader,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,collideWith,dQSetIdentity,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,BAR2,dCollideHeightfield,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,iterator,updateAABB,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getParent,render,dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getAxes,add,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),rotateScreenAligned,rotate,lerp,countConnections,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setConvex,glDeleteShader,testCollision,intersect,renderGeometryList,countConnections,rotate,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),set,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getValueAsString,setCamera,setCamera,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,intersectsBox,dLDLTAddTL,Eigen3f(C),initParticleData,set,updateUniformBindings,duUpdateGeometryTextures,initParticleData,setLighting,makeCurrent,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRFromAxisAndAngle,setOrientation,Rw,glGetShader,render,triangulate,cloneFields,write,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,PssmShadowFilter(C),getMaterial,applySkinning,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getYMonotonePolygons,getPrevious,buildMatCache,controlRender,cleanup,displayShadowMap,getColor,read,loadMaterial,update,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,compare,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,write,computeUnionBound,write,render,MotionTrack(C),BasicShadowRenderer(C),dCollideCapsuleSphere,SkeletonPoints(C),dColliderFn,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,read,intersectsBox,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,visit,cloneForSpatial,CreateCatmullRomPath,read,cloneForSpatial,clearValue,duUpdateGeometryNormals,spatialTolight,initialize,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,attachScene,OccludersExtractor(C),Fixture(C),setCamera,getVolume,dCollideSpherePlane,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,onAction,swap,read,renderProcessing,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,getMaterial,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,setKeyframes,getLight,getCapsule,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getType,clone,getBounds,getRoots,getTargetBoneIndex,createSky,setEnabled,doubleSize,cleanup,renderProcessing,render,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,render,getPassMaterial,setShaderFile,computeZFar,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,duUpdateGeometryTextures,reset,,setEnabled,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,init,render,render,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,reloadMaterial,setTransformRefresh,setArg,isAllowed,visit,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,compare,getFormatsForCaps,distanceToCam,filterLights,initialize]},
axes:{[com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,isTextureType,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator], [write,write,setFrustumPerspective,copy,invert,dRSetIdentity,fillFloatBuffer,swap,breadthFirstTraversal,unassociateFromGroupNode,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,addTorques,getLimot2,project,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setNumAxes,createTransmissionJoint,getAxes,getRadius,snapshot,getAxes,getRadius,AXES(C),getInfo2,dJointGetPRPosition,setAxisDelta,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,getMatrix,dRFromEulerAngles,zoomCamera,dInitColliders,fixRefreshFlags,setSpatial,ChaseCameraAppState(C),getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,lerp,emitParticles,read,newBodiesIndexPair,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,initParticleData,buildAnimation,setVolume,Rotation(C),MotionEvent(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,setFrictionVector2,computeLastDistance,_cldClipping,initParticleData,getTorque,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getFarthestFeature,getRestitutionVelocity,toString,getSliceRadius,getReactionTorque,createMass,setAxes,add,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,write,dMULTIPLY0_333,lengthSquared,write,getCollideBits,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dVector3Cross,createVector2Buffer,dPrintMatrix,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMakeRandomMatrix,read,ccdGeomToCap,isAllowed,onStop,getConvexDecomposition,render,solveVelocityConstraint,dJointCreateTransmission,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,dJointSetDHingeAxis,createMass,updateFilter,read,getJointSpeed,getMotorForce,applyTorque,initParticleData,getMotorTorque,setParams,getMaterial,IntersectCapsuleTri,getMode,DxRagdoll(C),setTransformRefresh,HingeJointInfo(C),mergeLocal,addFaceCandidate,testCollision,getReactionTorque,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),_CalculateAxis,getReactionTorque,initializeConstraints,getAngle,read,setCamera,getReceivers,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getOccludersToRender,initEvent,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,addToRootBone,setFriction,initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,read,countConnections,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),warmstart,bindCamera,_cldTestAxis,m_stepperArena,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getBodies,solveTOI,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,getMass,setCol,generateIrradianceMap,controlUpdate,getFrictionVector2,loadCapabilitiesGL2,setXParamFMax,collide,updateLength,createMass,cleanse,computeFromPoints,getInfo2,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,JointInfo(C),setFriction,SliderJointInfo(C),WarmStartingContactManager(C),duUpdateGeometryNormals,collide,collide2,addNormal,collideWith,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),CollisionDetection(C),newBodiesIndexPair,isCollisionEnabled,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),PairManager(C),update,collision,collision,removeCollisionShape,getReactionTorque,collision,collision,isCollisionEnabled,getInfo2,isOutside,makeGeometry,dMassSetCapsule,dColliderFn,warmStart,getBone,write,controlRenderHardware,setBound,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),gim_triangle_triangle_collision,write,SkeletonDebugger(C),write,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,solve,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Impulse(C),depthFirstTraversal,getNormalImpulse,dotCol,calcTexArea,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,setMaximumTorque,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),setMatrix4,isAllowed,run,read,makeProbe,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),computeClosestPointsOfAandB,addLimot,write,isZero,raycast,getRadius,orthogonalLineFit,clone,read,read,intersectsBoundingBox,getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,getRadius,SpotLight(C),lengthSquared,read,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,read,read,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,PointLight(C),deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),GetVertex,build,visit,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),compare,updateGeometry,write,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,solveVelocityContraints,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dLDLTRemove,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,displayShadowMap,getHeightfieldData,LightList(C),get,getTargetVertexIndex,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getRadius,sphericalToCartesian,getPrevious,last,getData,link,setTexture,SupportIndex,raycast,raycast,getTangentialImpulse,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,construct,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,gim_aabbset_alloc,dColliderFn,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,read,buildShader,toString,BoxShape(C),updateAABB,testCollision,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,setCapsule,StripBox(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,read,setConvex,glUniformMatrix4,updateGeometry,swapProblem,decompose,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,setShaderFile,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadModel,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,updateLightListUniforms,write,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,loadModel,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,renderGeometryList,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,batch,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,collideWith,render,testAndAddDiscContact,collideWith,FOO2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,read,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,TST2,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,dCollideSpherePlane,dCollideHeightfield,reset,,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,getFlyByCamera,dColliderFn,init,R,computeLastDistance,write,write,write,computeLastDistance,computeBlendFactors,initialize,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,duUpdateGeometryNormals,read,getColor,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,renderProcessing,write,,read,postFrame,write,displayShadowMap,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,preFrame,LastTextureState(C),read,read,requiresSceneAsTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setGeometryData,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,preFrame,,read,intersect,cloneForSpatial,getI,dColliderFn,getRadius,getInfo2,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,getShadowCamera,getFrictionCoefficient,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,calcScreenArea,write,Dome(C),setCamera,write,read,cloneForSpatial,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,write,read,read,write,read,read,read,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,write,write,read,mixFriction,computeAABB,MotionTrack(C),getRadius,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,dColliderFn,viewCol,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,viewCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Eigen3f(C),triangulate,write,computeAABB,updatePositions,filterLights,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,addOccluders,computeZFar,triangulate,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,createDebugSphere,setMode,AABB(C),updateGeometry,PQTorus(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,getFormatsForCaps,attachScene,cleanup,registerBinding,onGeometryUnassociated,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,setEnabled,DVector3ColView(C),dColliderFn,SnapshotJob(C),visit,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,createSky,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,distanceToCam]},
speed:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob], [resetLimits,solveVelocityConstraint,resetLimits,getInfo2,dJointCreateBall,createSphere,getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,getInfo2,Segment(C),dInitColliders,getShape,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,update,AnimationEvent(C),dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,ChaseCameraAppState(C),addToRootBone,getTorque,zoomCamera,setFriction,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,MotionEvent(C),setupTextureSwizzle,bindCamera,HingeJointInfo(C),getInfo2,getInfo2,getJointSpeed,getInfo2,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),setWarmStartDistance,isOnIsland,render,getLimot2,setLowerLimit,initParticleData,add,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),updateCamera,computeClosestPoint,updateFilter,buildAnimation,setBall,DxRagdoll(C),initParticleData,multLocal,containsGui,lerp,set,write,getRadius,read,toString,toString,getFarthestFeature,setVolume,contains,HalfEllipse(C),Light(C),initParticleData,getAnchor1,setLimitsEnabled,breadthFirstTraversal,lengthSquare,dRSetIdentity,invert,onAction,getClosestCollision,setFrictionVector2,setAxis,getAngle,_cldTestOneTriangle,fixRefreshFlags,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,removeFixture,AbstractShape(C),read,setBody2,write,dInvertMatrix3,lengthSquared,write,dRFrom2Axes,getCollideBits,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dClipPolyToCircle,createVector2Buffer,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,run,isAllowed,onStop,getConvexDecomposition,read,makeGeometry,initializeConstraints,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,addTorques,write,getBone2,getReceivers,getOccludersToRender,getOccludersToRender,m_stepperArena,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getBodies,removeAllJoints,getMaterial,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,getMass,project,getAxis,detect,getInfo2,setNumAxes,getAxes,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),read,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),toString,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,Joint(C),solveVelocityContraints,SliderJointInfo(C),getWrapMode,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,swap,breadthFirstTraversal,BallAndSocketJoint(C),setLimitsEnabled,setLength,DistanceJoint(C),solve,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,initialize,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,countConnections,FrictionJoint(C),updateGeometry,initializeConstraints,Impulse(C),depthFirstTraversal,getNormalImpulse,getInfo1,dotCol,SkeletonWire(C),SkeletonPoints(C),getTangentialImpulse,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,loadCapabilitiesGL2,getBody2,dLDLTAddTL,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,controlUpdate,setTransformRefresh,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,generateIrradianceMap,write,WarmStartingContactManager(C),create,ThreadedProcessJobStart,write,findTargets,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,read,SkeletonDebugger(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,trigger,makeProbe,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),toString,addLimot,isOutside,getType,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,_cldClipCylinderToBox,generateUniforms,dMassSetParameters,getI,setSphereTotal,equals,validate,add,dSolveLCP,lengthSquared,dBoxBox,ray_sphere_helper,set,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),cleanse,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),setCamera,mixFriction,equals,intersectsSphere,addFaceCandidate,collide,collide2,dLDLTAddTL,Eigen3f(C),dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,getInfo2,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,setLighting,dCollideBTL,makeCurrent,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dCollideBTL,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,sortPlanes,renderViewPort,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,render,triangulate,cloneFields,dColliderFn,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,read,read,collideWith,write,read,generate,gim_aabbset_alloc,setConvex,setGeometry,isEqualTo,CylinderShape(C),CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,DxGimpact(C),createFrustum,dColliderFn,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,createFrustum,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,getFlyByCamera,dColliderFn,getRadius1,write,isZero,raycast,read,read,intersectsSphere,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,SpotLight(C),lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,getShadowCamera,addOccluders,computeZFar,gatherGeometries,JointInfo(C),gim_merge_contacts,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),DxHeightfieldData(C),computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,collideWith,collideWith,getRadius,setConvex,read,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,intersectsSphere,deepClone,getInnerRadius,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,getInfo2,clone,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,render,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,generateParallel,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),createCopy,getNormal,run,computeAABB,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,BoundingSphereDebug(C),AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,testCollision,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,dCollideSpherePlane,addPerturbedContacts,DirectionalLight(C),AmbientLight(C),translate,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,setTexture,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onNewTexture,dColliderFn,addNormal,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,LightList(C),read,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,StripBox(C),EmitterPointShape(C),getScenes,isRequiresDepthTexture,cleanup,renderProcessing,setScene,renderProcessing,write,duUpdateGeometryNormals,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,write,write,readList,read,EmitterBoxShape(C),clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,read,write,CreateCatmullRomPath,BitmapFont(C),read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),calcScreenArea,cloneForSpatial,setCamera,compare,addMaterialParamTexture,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,loadFont,reload,createClone,,loadFont,isVarying,init,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,render,render,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),intersect,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,clone,setEnabled,reset,,setCamera,setCamera,Fixture(C),MotionTrack(C),,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dColliderFn,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,createSky,dCollideCapsulePlane,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,decompose,registerBinding,duUpdateGeometryNormals,detachChildAt,visit,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,filterLights,distanceToCam,setEnabled,SnapshotJob(C)]},
camel:{[com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack], [write,createLumShader,registerBinding,detachChildAt,write,collideWith,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,write,write,write,scale,loadFpsText,distanceToCam,compare,read,setPostShadowParams,write,read,updateFrustumPoints,getTransformMatrix,isDegenerateTriangle,visit,degenPrologue,getScenes,getRadius,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,getGeometry,add,write,rotate,compare,getTriangleIndex,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,read,Quad(C),reload,compare,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,setViewProjection,merge,setAngularTarget,dPlaneSpace,getInterBoneWires,read,convertElementMode,getPlaceholderImage,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setEnabled,read,postFrame,setSpeed,loadGuiFont,setZoomSpeed,update,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getRadius,read,read,write,read,cleanup,createOffCamera,update,write,applyForce,addMaterialParam,clearValue,Shader(C),write,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,setTexture,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,reload,createClone,,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,loadFont,getFrictionCoefficient,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setSpeed,triangulate,setLimits,SnapshotJob(C),OccludersExtractor(C),setImage,updateProbe,setDynamic,clone,cloneForSpatial,internalUpdate,write,read,computeBlendFactors,vRotateCamera,write,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,write,write,read,write,computeAABB,SetData,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),transformDirection,setOwner,write,MotionTrack(C),isVarying,init,getFormatsForCaps,write,write,,read,write,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,read,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,write,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,CheckSATConvexFaces,getAnchor1,R,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),dMassSetTrimesh,reset,,collideWithBoundingVolume,getAxes,computeZFar,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,createSky,getYMonotonePolygons,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getBodyCount,render,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),countConnections,getAnchor2,rotate,write,write,setLowerLimit,getAnchor1,setWorldMatrix,DxGimpact(C),addTimeRotation,write,write,read,getAxes,warmStart,mergeLocal,whichSide,distanceToNearPlane,COMPUTEAABB_FOR_TRIANGLE,write,DistanceJoint(C),read,clearUpperTriangle,getSpeed,getBone,write,setKeyframes,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,setEulerReferenceVectors,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,allocatePlaneBuffer,setSourceParams,read,getRotation,read,getVelocity,initParticleData,read,gim_trimesh_get_triangle_data,isPointInTriangle,BodyFixture(C),dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,getRadius1,createBody,dConnectingJointList,setMovedCallback,mult,setBody,setParams,dGeomSetPosition,FetchTransformedTriangle,write,dQMultiply1,interpolateTransforms,setCapsule,mergeLocal,Fixture(C),getRotationDiscRadius,subtract,dQSetIdentity,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,swapProblem,viewCol,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dRemoveRowCol,read,equals,dLDLTAddTL,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,dClipEdgeToPlane,equals,dBoxBox,viewCol,CONSTRUCTPLANE,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,setOrientation,Eigen3f(C),computeLocalInertiaTensor,set,dCollideBoxPlane,triangulate,getMass,DxJointUniversal(C),addNormal,testAndAddDiscContact,reset,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,run,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getRadius,notifyRemovedOverlappingPair,write,isZero,raycast,read,getHeight,write,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,ConvexMeshShape(C),add,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,collideWith,clone,lengthSquared,solveVelocityConstraint,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,read,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,deepClone,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),lengthSquared,computeAABB,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dCollideCylinderBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,Slice(C),getHalfWidth,updateLength,getInertia,BoxShape(C),onPause,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,getAxes,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getAnchor1,dJointGetHinge2Axis1,dColliderFn,setLeftPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,contains,getAxes,dJointGetPRAnchor,read,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,dCollideSphereConvex,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,read,addFixture,getPoint,getHeight,m_islandBodiesStartA,SOR_LCP,GetBodiesArray,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getBodies,getBones,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,add,getAnchor,dColliderFn,getRadius,computeAABB,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getHalfHeight,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getRadius,getBody,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,getDuration,write,isEmpty,getSpeed,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,isCollisionEnabled,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,setZoomSpeed,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,DxJointFixed(C),updateTargetDistance,addContactInfo,collideWith,collideWith,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,read,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,influenceParticle,write,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,warmstart,getFrictionImpulse2,dColliderFn,setAxes,setLength,toString,addTorques,getAnchor1,addTorque,setNumAxes,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,addTorque,JointInfo(C),compare,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,DxJointHinge(C),gim_triangle_sphere_collision,set,computeOffset,dColliderFn,getInfo1,dColliderFn,last,dColliderFn,getTargetVertexIndex,DVector3ColView(C),createCopy,dCollideCCTL,getNormal,run,hashCode,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,ContactPoint(C),mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,setAxis,getInfo2,onAction,rotate,getRotationDiscRadius,getBezierP1toP2Length,dJointSetDHingeAxis,setXParamFMax,warmstart,warmstart,makeGeometry,initialize,dColliderFn,intersect,link,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),addFaceCandidate,solve,render,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,calcScreenArea,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getTangentialImpulse,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,collideWith,setArg,read,isAllowed,collide,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,isOnPlane,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,addLimot,HingeJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,SliderJointInfo(C),getInfo2,Impulse(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,ThreadedProcessJobStart,ConstraintSolverData(C),isOutside,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setConvex,compare,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run]},
transmission:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator], [dJointSetTransmissionRatio,getRadius1,createSapSpace,dJointCreatePlane2D,dMassSetParameters,solveTOI,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getAxes,clone,DxCylinder(C),getI,getRadius,intersectsSphere,getRotation,getPointDepth,setParams,write,distance,clone,deepClone,ccdCollide,getFarthestFeature,writeColorBuffer,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,rotateAboutCenter,getAxes,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,distanceToNearPlane,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createPolygonalCapsule,read,collideWith,write,rotateAboutCenter,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,getQuaternion,getAxes,clone,write,fromBoundingSphere,clone,getTimeOfImpact,setModelBound,createTriangulation,getRadius,getChangeInOrientation,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,onAction,equals,dJointSetPRAxis2,dGeomRaySet,PerformCollisionChecking,read,SpotLight(C),collideWithRay,calcScreenArea,toString,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dClipEdgeToPlane,dColliderFn,getInertia,clone,BoxShape(C),intersect,gim_aabbset_box_collision,testCollision,penEPAPos,pointInsideTriangle,dColliderFn,doDisplayFrustumDebug,translate,Segment(C),getSimplex,updateListenerParam,toString,update,isCollisionAllowed,initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),write,AmbientLight(C),write,LightProbe(C),collideWith,dInvertPDMatrix,dxStepIsland_Stage1,setAxes,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,addRelForceAtPos,getMaterial,getI,getBones,getTorque,equals,Rectangle(C),write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,initialize,getBody2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),CheckSATConvexFaces,getPenetrationImpulse,mixFriction,getTangentSpeed,equals,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,dColliderFn,solvePositionConstraint,getReactionForce,getJointAngle,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,getRelativeRotation,updateGeometry,toString,addTorques,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,addTorque,isCollisionAllowed,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,read,setLimitsEnabled,getInfo2,getAnchor1,getInfo1,read,getJointSpeed,solve,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,setBounds,getEdgeTo,read,getTriangulation,getPrevious,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,lookAt,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,write,write,add,read,inverse,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,collideWith,onAnalog,lengthSquared,_cldClipping,setCamera,setCamera,setLimitEnabled,read,addLimot,dJointSetSliderAxis,dJointSetPistonParam,oldClone,dColliderFn,setRelativeValues,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,invert,collideWith,dotCol,ConstraintSolver(C),Impulse(C),SliderJoint(C),HingeJoint(C),getNormalImpulse,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,getAngle,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,cleanup,read,read,influenceParticle,write,isCollisionEnabled,read,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,getUp,solveVelocityContraints,getInfo2,addFixture,onAction,inverseRotateVect,setAnchor,setXParamFMax,getInfo2,m_stepperArena,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetBodiesArray,DxJointDHinge(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBodies,Island(C),write,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),generatePbrMaps,getBody2,dGeomSetQuaternion,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,getCollideBits,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,isOutside,SliderJointInfo(C),updateShadowCamera,collide,collide2,loadCapabilitiesGL2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,MAT_DOT_VEC_3X3,createBox,write,dCollideHeightfieldZone,read,dCollideHeightfieldZone,calculateEigen,read,dCalcVectorDot3_14,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,getTriangle,render,addContactInfo,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,read,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,write,read,plusEq,render,dColliderFn,doBatch,generateNodeMainSection,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,makeGeometry,validate,FixedJoint(C),createSky,cleanProbes,write,read,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getBone2,dColliderFn,dRFromZAxis,dPrintMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,write,fromOpenGL,setArg,dJointSetFixed,read,isAllowed,onPlay,render,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,controlRender,read,JointInfo(C),setParams,dRSetIdentity,fromAxes,read,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolverData(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,HingeJointInfo(C),cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,loadTexture,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,write,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,CreateCatmullRomPath,loadTexture,read,write,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),MotionTrack(C),render,updateAABB,setWorldMatrix,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,displayShadowMap,LightControl(C),Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,attachScene,renderGeometryList,OccludersExtractor(C),read,setTransformRefresh,addToRootBone,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,dColliderFn,initialize,getColor,read,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,getTexture,computeClosestPointOfObject,createOffCamera,BasicShadowRenderer(C),generateIrradianceMap,write,dSolveLCP,read,read,read,cleanup,renderProcessing,renderProcessing,setEnabled,read,getReceivers,collide,decompose,dotColCol,dBoxBox,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,initParticleData,initParticleData,rotate,setMinMax,dGeomTriMeshSetData,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),isVarying,init,addNormal,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,write,render,setLighting,onMeshDrawn,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,reset,,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonWire(C),GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,SkeletonDebugger(C),write,,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setLeftPlane,R,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,CONSTRUCTPLANE,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dCollideBoxPlane,triangulate,dCollideTrimeshPlane,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,render,render,dColliderFn,render,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,write,write,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,updateParticleData,reloadMaterial,getFormatsForCaps,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,dColliderFn,isOnPlane,deepClone,visit,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),duUpdateGeometryVertices,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,duUpdateGeometryTextures,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,raycast,raycast,dCollideCylinderBox,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,duUpdateGeometryTextures,compare,rotate,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,setConvex,computeZFar,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),testCollision,initialize,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,filterLights,distanceToCam]},
joints:{[org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD], [isOutside,dJointSetPistonAnchor,getLimot2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,setRelativeValues,setRelativeValues,getAngle,dJointGetPRPosition,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,getFarthestFeature,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,checkWorld,getAnchor1,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),removeAllJoints,addRelForceAtPos,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,update,dGeomGetCollideBits,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage1,setFixture,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,isOnIsland,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,setAxes,dJointCreatePlane2D,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,toString,allow,getReactionForce,spaceCollide2,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getTorque,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,write,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,generatePbrMaps,addBody,ThreadedProcessJobStart,DxJointDHinge(C),Island(C),write,getInfo1,MAT_DOT_VEC_3X3,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,toString,addLimot,testCollision,getInfo2,read,setXParamFMax,isMotorEnabled,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getInfo2,computeCurrentHingeAngle,SliderJointInfo(C),collide,collide2,dotCol,generateUniforms,Impulse(C),write,getNormalImpulse,computeFrictionVectors,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,warmStart,dLDLTRemove,DxJointFixed(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),BallAndSocketJoint(C),addFaceCandidate,solve,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,onStop,setCol,JointInfo(C),setVolume,HingeJointInfo(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,updateGeometry,rotate,FixedJoint(C),isCollisionEnabled,write,mixFriction,equals,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,read,write,positiveRank,read,collideWith,dMultiply0_133,dCollideSpheres,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,gim_aabbset_ray_collision,CheckSATConvexFaces,getTriangle,makeGeometry,convertElementMode,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,initEvent,write,initialize,addToRootBone,zoomCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,read,read,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),setInterleaved,getBone2,oldClone,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,write,getHalfHeight,initialize,getAxes,rotate,AXES(C),read,setWarmStartDistance,read,influenceParticle,write,toString,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,solveVelocityContraints,updateFilter,create,dMassSetParameters,getI,getRadius,setCapsule,equals,contains,write,getRadius1,ConvexMeshShape(C),BoxShape(C),write,read,setParams,FetchTransformedTriangle,dRSetIdentity,swapProblem,write,write,initParticleData,write,lengthSquare,dRFromZAxis,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,buildAnimation,write,read,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRadius,lerp,read,render,TriangleEPA(C),setCamera,distanceToNearPlane,_cldClipPolyToPlane,dCollideCylinderBox,updateShadowCamera,write,initParticleData,set,Slice(C),clearSetByCurrentMaterial,initParticleData,setTransformRefresh,onAction,getClosestCollision,write,lengthSquared,write,fromOpenGL,setArg,read,run,isAllowed,hertelMehlhorn,updateGeometry,write,updateGeometry,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),writeConnections,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,intersectsSphere,SkeletonDebugger(C),getLocalBounds,deleteShaderSource,viewCol,dCollideBTL,dRemoveRowCol,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,TST2,viewCol,dCollideBTL,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,gim_trimesh_ray_closest_collision,Rw,dCollideHeightfieldZone,set,renderGeometry,glGetShader,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,dColliderFn,notifyParamChanged,triangulate,write,createPolygonalSliceAtOrigin,getHeight,getHeight,getHeight,dColliderFn,read,computeAABB,getRadius,read,read,getPointDepth,isZero,raycast,write,read,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,write,lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,_cldClipCylinderToBox,dColliderFn,write,read,read,getPoint,Fixture(C),write,dColliderFn,read,setMeshes,deepClone,deepClone,PointLight(C),read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),addNormal,render,generateIrradianceMap,attachScene,read,cleanup,createLumShader,update,write,testAndAddDiscContact,read,write,rotate,DxGimpact(C),isDegenerateTriangle,SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,process,collideWith,onMeshDrawn,getPassMaterial,setMatParams,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,collideWith,write,read,computeBlendFactors,loadFont,write,cloneFields,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,loadFont,read,write,SetData,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,write,,read,write,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,CubeMapWrapper(C),clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,updateGeometry,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setOwner,raycast,raycast,setEnabled,read,postQueue,update,read,addMaterialParam,dColliderFn,setAlignment,visit,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,reloadMaterial,testCollision,duUpdateGeometryNormals,read,StripBox(C),read,write,write,write,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),updateLightListUniforms,filterLights,JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,distanceToCam,populateProbes,reset,,Shader(C),write,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,filterLights,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,read,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,getRadius,distanceToCam,isVarying,init,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,compare,merge,read,BoundingSphereDebug(C),generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,triangulate,getRadius,setParams,Cylinder(C),distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,AABB(C),updateGeometry,PQTorus(C),getRadius,Dome(C),fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,computeZFar,dColliderFn,intersect,dColliderFn,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,updateLength,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),last,dColliderFn,createSky,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,collideWith,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,addPerturbedContacts,dColliderFn,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,read,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,read,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dColliderFn,DVector3ColView(C),dColliderFn,write,setConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn]},
ball:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig], [getInfo2,getAnchor1,dJointCreatePlane2D,getInfo1,createSphere,clone,isOutside,getLimot2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,setRelativeValues,DxJointSlider(C),DxJointAMotor(C),dJointGetPRPosition,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,getFarthestFeature,dJointSetPistonAxis,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),removeAllJoints,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,setSleepLinearVelocity,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,isOnIsland,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,setAxes,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),solveVelocityConstraints,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getReactionTorque,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,toString,allow,getReactionForce,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,solveVelocityConstraint,getTorque,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,collide,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,render,isAllowed,run,trigger,createVector2Buffer,done,addBody,DxJointHinge(C),toString,DxJointTransmission(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),write,addLimot,DxJointDHinge(C),INV_TRANSP_MAT_DOT_VEC_2X2,getInfo2,collide,collide2,generateUniforms,testCollision,setXParamFMax,getMotorSpeed,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),computeFrictionVectors,computeCurrentHingeAngle,dotCol,Impulse(C),setLightListRefresh,getNormalImpulse,SliderJointInfo(C),ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dFactorCholesky,run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,DxJointFixed(C),JointInfo(C),setVolume,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,addFaceCandidate,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,initialize,set,updateAABB,BallAndSocketJoint(C),solve,ConstraintSolverData(C),distance,scaleMatrix,read,mergeLocal,dMULTIPLY0_333,_cldTestAxis,dClipPolyToCircle,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,gim_aabbset_alloc,CheckEdgeIntersection,toString,updateGeometry,mixFriction,equals,oldClone,onStop,HingeJointInfo(C),FixedJoint(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),getAxes,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),getRadius1,getRotationSpeed,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,initParticleData,ChaseCameraAppState(C),toAngleAxis,setFrustumPerspective,rotate,set,getParent,read,getRadius,read,setWarmStartDistance,getAxes,initEvent,zoomCamera,getAxes,getFarthestFeature,lengthSquare,dRSetIdentity,invert,oldClone,onAction,getClosestCollision,initParticleData,dMassSetParameters,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,getTargetBoneIndex,lengthSquared,write,dRFromEulerAngles,fromOpenGL,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,run,isAllowed,getTriangulation,Light(C),loadCapabilitiesGL2,read,write,computeSilhouette,read,swap,getReceivers,PointLightShadowRenderer(C),getReceivers,render,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,read,getWrapMode,setTransformRefresh,makeGeometry,countConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,addPoint,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,initParticleData,computeAABB,controlUpdate,updateFilter,generateIrradianceMap,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,IntersectCapsuleTri,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),getRadius,distanceSquared,rotate,AbstractShape(C),clone,distanceSquared,getPoint,countConnections,create,getI,setSphereTotal,updateAABB,mergeLocal,solve1,isPointInTriangle,dCollideCylinderBox,getGeometriesInLightRadius,setCamera,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,prepareForAnim,testCollision,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,_cldClipCylinderToBox,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,raycast,raycast,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,testCollision,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BAR2,dColliderFn,getBone2,getAxes,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceSquaredTo,collideWith,collideWith,construct,collideWith,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,createPolygonalCapsule,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,influenceParticle,write,toString,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,solveVelocityContraints,read,dColliderFn,findBatchByMaterial,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,deepClone,intersectsFrustum,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dColliderFn,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,coplanar_tri_tri,compare,dColliderFn,setScene,distanceSquared,initEvent,addToRootBone,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,dColliderFn,PssmShadowRenderer(C),dColliderFn,add,lengthSquared,ray_sphere_helper,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,sortPlanes,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dGeomCapsuleSetParams,dColliderFn,setSpatial,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dLDLTAddTL,contains,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),dColliderFn,EmitterSphereShape(C),setLighting,makeCurrent,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,renderSubScene,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,render,triangulate,write,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dCollideCapsulePlane,dCollideSpherePlane,setConvex,read,read,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,postFrame,postFrame,applySkinning,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,write,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,generate,intersectsSphere,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getPrevious,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,setTexture,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,render,buildMatCache,translate,collide,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadMaterial,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,render,write,loadMaterial,updateLightListUniforms,onMeshDrawn,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,addNormal,BasicShadowRenderer(C),getColor,read,update,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,LightList(C),createCopy,getNormal,run,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),MotionTrack(C),getVolume,calcScreenArea,process,computeZFar,cloneForSpatial,read,read,computeBlendFactors,DirectionalLight(C),cloneForSpatial,AmbientLight(C),visit,read,cloneForSpatial,read,getRadius,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,write,computeVertices,initEvent,read,renderProcessing,distanceSquared,write,write,postFrame,readList,read,distance,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,getLight,getCapsule,write,write,read,project,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getRoots,reset,,init,setEnabled,updateAverageLuminance,compare,setEnabled,read,render,render,DxSphere(C),penEPAPos,write,setTextureMode,updateGeometry,read,triangulate,addToInstancedGeometry,visit,update,SnapshotJob(C),removeProcessor,getRadius,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,BoundingSphereDebug(C),AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,distanceToCam,compare,decompose,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,getInterBoneWires,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),populateProbes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,intersect,reloadMaterial,createSky,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,filterLights,cleanup,initialize,getFormatsForCaps,DxRagdollJointConfig(C)]},
hallmarks:{[com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Ring,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack], [write,computeFromTris,updatePositions,read,clone,getRotation,translate,flipAlongTheYAxis,clone,getType,read,computeAABB,rotate,ccdGeomToObj,createPistonJoint,getRadius,calcScreenArea,equals,clone,clone,PerformCollisionChecking,intersect,getVertices,dColliderFn,dBoxTouchesBox,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,generateParallel,getRotation,Ellipse(C),DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,scaleTextureCoordinates,getYMonotonePolygons,pointInsideTriangle,getPrevious,Decompose,write,getRadius,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getAxes,computeInitialRelativeRotation,read,testCollision,penEPAPos,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,testAndAddDiscContact,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,contains,getPointDepth,setParams,write,distance,clone,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setGeometryData,getScreenCoordinates,setMode,AABB(C),read,write,rotateAboutCenter,getRadius,getTextureMode,getQuaternion,write,getTimeOfImpact,setLightListRefresh,createTriangulation,getRadius,dGeomRaySet,setZoomSpeed,dColliderFn,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,setPrefilteredMap,read,getPoint,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dColliderFn,DESTRUCTOR,LightList(C),dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,dMassSetParameters,PointLightShadowRenderer(C),validate,addFixture,setTarget,copy,setSpatial,write,isZero,raycast,read,getMaximumRotation,write,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,clone,add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,setCamera,setCamera,updateFrustumPoints,clone,read,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,write,setAsleep,deepClone,Spatial(C),set,clearMaterialParameters,isPointInTriangle,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),setConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,updateListenerParam,read,Listener(C),read,getVelocity,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,detachChildAt,read,dColliderFn,dJointCreatePiston,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,getRotation,dColliderFn,extractIndirectLights,BodyFixture(C),raycast,createSky,getInertia,BoxShape(C),getRotation,getDistanceSquare,generate,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,getInfo2,cleanProbes,transformDirection,decompose,render,addNormal,dColliderFn,getJoints,makeCurrent,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,removeNoCollisionPair,read,countConnections,read,setMeshes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,setInBuffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getJointSpeed,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,read,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),Fixture(C),interpolatePath,fixRefreshFlags,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,read,read,setConvex,dOrthogonalizeR,GETCOL,GETCOL,read,glDeleteShader,dColliderFn,computeGlobalAxes,dColliderFn,getTargetVertexIndex,FOO2,compare,dColliderFn,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,dColliderFn,getJointSpeed,dRfromQ,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,matrixInvert,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,cloneForSpatial,link,countConnections,getRotation,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),from,getLimot2,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,getAxes,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,getMaterial,getI,getJoints,getNumJoints,updateAABB,clearMaterialParameters,equals,detect,detect,dotColCol,dSolveLCP,TST1,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),SkeletonPoints(C),setBody2,rotate,coplanar_tri_tri,addPerturbedContacts,getAngularSpeed,collideWith,write,Joint(C),DynamicsWorld(C),checkMotionAllowed,Joint(C),solveVelocityContraints,enableMotor,GJKAlgorithm(C),gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,last,onNewTexture,dInvertPDMatrix,getFormatsForCaps,clear,ContactSolver(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setTexture,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,collideWith,calculateEigen,read,DxGimpact(C),WeldJoint(C),ConstraintSolver(C),addTimeRotation,CollisionBody(C),getBodies,testCollision,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getInfo2,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,addOccluders,computeZFar,dJointSetPistonParam,attachChild,getInterBoneWires,set,read,AngleJoint(C),MotionEvent(C),getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,write,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,postQueue,read,Quad(C),PssmShadowRenderer(C),reload,compare,setForcedMaterial,MotorJoint(C),setAnchor,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,setTexture,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),PinJoint(C),createCopy,getNormal,run,destroy,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,removePair,updateObject,FrictionJoint(C),solvePositionConstraints,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,render,generateIrradianceMap,distanceToCam,compare,getColor,read,loadModel,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadModel,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,FixedJoint(C),PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,solvePositionConstraints,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),enableMotor,dRSetIdentity,buildShader,AnimationEvent(C),addToRootBone,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,onStop,write,onPlay,read,onAction,setFrictionVector2,makeGeometry,getFrictionVector2,initialize,renderFilterChain,visit,read,read,controlUpdate,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getTangentialImpulse,toString,toString,registerBinding,getScenes,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage1,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),contentEquals,isAllowed,run,done,getBone2,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),DxJointDHinge(C),initialize,setCamera,initialize,ThreadedProcessJobStart,write,DxJointFixed(C),getInfo2,setAxes,clone,switchToHardware,glActiveTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,write,Technique(C),modifyTexture,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,WarmStartingContactManager(C),removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,JointInfo(C),solve,read,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),makeCurrent,mixFriction,equals,HingeJointInfo(C),getPlaceholderMaterial,isOutside,getInfo2,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,addLimot,reset,,SliderJointInfo(C),init,isRequiresSceneTexture,PssmShadowFilter(C),getMaterial,cleanup,fromOpenGL,setArg,setValue,read,isAllowed,dotCol,Impulse(C),getWrapMode,R,read,cloneForSpatial,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),setEnabled,setCamera,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,cloneFields,MotionTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setEnabled,BasicShadowRenderer(C),SnapshotJob(C),BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,ConstraintSolverData(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial]},
impulse:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.math.Plane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.light.LightFilter], [HingeJoint(C),getTranslation,setLimitsEnabled,setLength,getJointSpeed,DistanceJoint(C),solve,FixedJoint(C),BallAndSocketJoint(C),setLimitsEnabled,initialize,isConnected,getJointAngle,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getRelativeRotation,FrictionJoint(C),updateGeometry,toString,destroyRigidBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,initializeConstraints,initializeConstraints,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,dInvertPDMatrix,addBody,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,setAutoDisableDefaults,m_stepperArena,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,detect,getMaterial,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,getBones,Island(C),getTorque,Impulse(C),setMaterial,getNormalImpulse,dotCol,DxJointAMotor(C),SliderJointInfo(C),getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,makeGeometry,loadCapabilitiesGL2,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getInfo2,getTangentialImpulse,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,write,getInfo2,HingeJointInfo(C),toString,addTorques,getLimot2,addTorque,Joint(C),setNumAxes,addTorques,dJointGetPRPosition,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),dJointCreatePlane2D,createCapsule,getBound,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,dInvertMatrix3,getBone2,oldClone,mixFriction,getTangentSpeed,equals,toString,setRelativeValues,ConstraintSolverData(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,getInfo2,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,setWarmStartDistance,read,emitParticles,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),read,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,setVolume,solveVelocityContraints,getHalfHeight,getInfo2,create,DxJointFixed(C),dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,updateFilter,dMassSetParameters,getAxes,getI,getRadius,getI,updateAABB,getAxes,checkCulling,getInfo2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getVertexGlobal,ThreadedProcessJobStart,addLimot,INV_TRANSP_MAT_DOT_VEC_2X2,matrixInvert,onStop,generatePbrMaps,getBody2,setBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeNarrowPhase,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getQuaternion,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),render,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),initEvent,initialize,addToRootBone,zoomCamera,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,rotate,getFarthestFeature,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),setEnableCurrentCam,isOutside,generateUniforms,initParticleData,updateCamera,buildAnimation,getRadius1,addFixture,mult,removeFixture,BoundingBox(C),_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,getAxes,isEqualTo,getAxes,doDisplayFrustumDebug,CylinderShape(C),computeClosestPoint,render,getInfo2,getInfo2,clone,CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,_cldClipping,initParticleData,oppositeLocal,onViewPortChange,lerp,set,read,intersectsBox,getWorldBound,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,dRSetIdentity,initParticleData,collide,collide2,fixRefreshFlags,getAngleBetween,rotate,AbstractShape(C),read,computeFromPoints,fillFloatBuffer,swap,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,computeAABB,buildCallback,countConnections,getMatrix,onAction,getClosestCollision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,attachChild,setCamera,dPrintMatrix,setMinMax,dMakeRandomMatrix,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,read,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,visit,getMinMax,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),CollisionResult(C),maxDifference,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createPolygonalCapsule,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),doBatch,gim_aabbset_update,dColliderFn,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,dCollideCCTL,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getNormal,run,hashCode,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,getRadius,dColliderFn,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dRFromEulerAngles,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,computeLastDistance,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,setParams,read,distance,deepClone,run,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,AABB(C),read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,write,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,read,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,intersectsBoundingBox,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,doDisplayFrustumDebug,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),dCollideHeightfield,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dVector3Cross,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,countConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),setShader,addPerturbedContacts,createMass,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onShaderUse,testCollision,FOO2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dCollideCapsulePlane,computeLastDistance,read,setConvex,SupportIndex,glDeleteShader,read,read,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,isZero,raycast,write,orthogonalLineFit,add,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,render,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),read,fromOpenGL,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,read,solve1,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,rotate,dGeomRaySet,render,generateIrradianceMap,calcScreenArea,renderGeometry,collideWith,duUpdateGeometryTextures,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,dCollideCapsuleSphere,dCollideSpherePlane,LightControl(C),compare,TST1,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,render,controlRender,getWrapMode,setCamera,setCamera,getColor,read,loadMaterial,update,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,dotColCol,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,read,write,intersect,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getVolume,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,write,getMaterial,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,intersectsBox,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setPostShadowParams,read,createSimpleClone,switchToHardware,getMaterial,getLight,PssmShadowFilter(C),getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),JointInfo(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,setCamera,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,getType,clone,getBone,setEnabled,doubleSize,cleanup,render,MotionTrack(C),computeBoundForPoints,setPostShadowParams,computeLastDistance,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,initialize,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,attachScene,process,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,cleanup,renderProcessing,createSky,getPassMaterial,setShaderFile,duUpdateGeometryTextures,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),setLighting,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,Eigen3f(C),glGetShader,render,triangulate,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,computeZFar,reset,,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,init,postFrame,render,render,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,compare,reloadMaterial,setEnabled,distanceToCam,visit,getFormatsForCaps,initialize,filterLights]},
collide:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.light.LightList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter], [CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,ccdGeomToObj,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,setQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,dQuatInvTransform,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,connectingJoint,dNormalize4,dBodySetMass,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,sortPlanes,dColliderFn,dCollideSpherePlane,setVelocity,BAR2,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,setConvex,computeLocalInertiaTensor,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeLocalInertiaTensor,DxHeightfieldData(C),computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceToEdge,dColliderFn,read,collideWith,collideWith,Fixture(C),rotate,renderFromControl,interpolatePath,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,getType,read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),distanceToEdge,raycast,raycast,construct,collideWith,scaleTextureCoordinates,createMass,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getSleepLinearVelocity,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,read,setGeometry,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,DxGimpact(C),addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,setEulerReferenceVectors,PinJoint(C),Bone(C),gim_merge_contacts,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,getRotation,read,setConvex,getInfo2,setFrame,dConnectingJointList,SetupInitialContext,read,deepClone,glBindTexture,updateGeometry,_cldTestAxis,dColliderFn,getRandomPoint,MakeMatrix,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,coplanar_tri_tri,dColliderFn,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,computeAABB,addPerturbedContacts,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,getTransformMatrix,swapChildren,setTexture,step,write,scaleMatrix,read,generate,link,add,dSolveLCP,eqProd,dGeomRaySet,set,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),toString,createCopy,getNormal,run,inverseRotateVect,contains,getHingeAngle,updateGeometry,generateParallel,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,dMakeRandomVector,setMinMax,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,updateUniform,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),createTriangulation,getBezierP1toP2Length,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,rotateUpTo,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),rotateAboutCenter,BIHTriangle(C),dColliderFn,setSourceParams,read,getRotation,read,getVelocity,GJKAlgorithm(C),dLDLTAddTL,onNewTexture,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,getRotation,rotate,updateParticleData,findEmitter,setSpatial,updateParticleData,setSpatial,updateParticleData,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),getYMonotonePolygons,contains,LightList(C),JointInfo(C),buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,setInBuffer,getRadius,getVertices,getRotation,getRotation,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,getAnchor1,dJointGetHinge2Axis1,duUpdateGeometryNormals,setPrefilteredMap,computeAABB,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,getAnchor1,testAndAddDiscContact,dQSetIdentity,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,SpotLight(C),getEdgeTo,getPrevious,Quaternion(C),intersect,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,getRoots,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getPointDepth,getTranslation,setAxis,setMotorSpeed,setNumAxes,setLimits,dJointAddUniversalTorques,getBone2,calcScreenArea,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getAnchor1,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,setAngularTarget,setLimitsEnabled,ContactPoint(C),toString,FrictionJoint(C),DistanceJoint(C),MotionEvent(C),StripBox(C),setLowerLimit,computeOffset,getInfo1,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,dJointSetDHingeAxis,PQTorus(C),Dome(C),getI,updateGeometry,getInnerRadius,getInfo1,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,Transform(C),makeGeometry,getInfo2,updatePositions,removeJointFromJointsList,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setQuaternion,addTorques,getInfo1,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),DxCylinder(C),write,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,add,read,subtract,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,onAnalog,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,setGeometryData,getValueAsString,read,influenceParticle,write,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,create,createMass,getI,getJoints,rotateAboutCenter,getReceivers,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),set,getRadius,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setGeometryData,setMode,AABB(C),getRadius,getQuaternion,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,initEvent,onAction,addToRootBone,onAction,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,solvePositionConstraints,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,renderSubScene,updateInstances,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,postFrame,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,postFrame,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,read,write,BitmapFont(C),read,read,createSimpleClone,rotateAxial,write,equals,read,renderShadowMap,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,getAttachmentsNode,postFrame,setKeyframes,getLight,clone,postFrame,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,read,merge,setTexture,updateTargetDistance,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),Cinematic(C),isEmpty,setKeyframes,decompose,setPoi,updateGeometry,getInfo2,setAxes,setCamera,setCamera,setCamera,render,modifyTexture,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRfromQ,setOrientation,Rw,glActiveTexture,render,triangulate,cloneFields,updateUniformBindings,initialize,addHingeJoint,addMaterialParamTexture,clearValue,updateShadowCams,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),getOccludersToRender,requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,loadModel,reload,createClone,,loadModel,solve,isVarying,init,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,solvePositionConstraint,duUpdateGeometryNormals,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,getVertexUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,loadGuiFont,updateAverageLuminance,setPostShadowParams,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,countConnections,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,postFrame,setEnabled,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,clone,reset,,setEnabled,controlUpdate,initialize,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,updateProbe,generateIrradianceMap,detachChildAt,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),onPause,DxJointFixed(C),isOutside,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,filterLights,addTimeRotation,registerBinding,Impulse(C),HingeJointInfo(C),distanceToCam,rotate,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,compare,SliderJointInfo(C),add,createSky,render,addOccluders,computeZFar,visit,getScenes,render,set,ConstraintSolverData(C),cleanup,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,cloneForSpatial,onAction,SnapshotJob(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),addLimot,getFormatsForCaps,rotate,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),m_stepperArena,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,MotionTrack(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,ThreadedProcessJobStart,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,setArg,isAllowed]},
bitmap:{[com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator], [getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),setCamera,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,getLight,setEnabled,setOwner,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),updateShadowCams,updateShadowCams,write,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),setSpeed,getDuration,write,internalUpdate,onPlay,setSpeed,isEmpty,getSpeed,matrixInvert,fromAxes,isConnected,merge,getBone,setKeyframes,getPage,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,write,updateInstance,collideWithRay,duUpdateGeometryVertices,intersectsBox,read,cloneForSpatial,collideWith,renderProcessing,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),setLocalRotation,write,computeLastDistance,fillFloatBuffer,postFrame,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getValueAsString,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,write,disableDebugShape,rotateAroundOrigin,copy,intersectsBox,read,read,createSimpleClone,rotateAxial,write,equals,read,displayShadowMap,updateWorldBound,read,setSpatial,transform,orthogonalLineFit,Triangle(C),EmitterPointShape(C),controlRenderHardware,preFrame,setPlanePoints,setKeyframes,write,preFrame,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,flipAlongTheYAxis,computeAABB,write,write,read,intersects,getWorldBound,setMatrix4,distance,getInfo2,getMaxAngularSpeed,setRotationSpeed,setUserData,getVolume,convertToHalf,getColor,loadMaterial,initialize,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,read,plusEq,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,toString,computeAABB,spatialTolight,intersectBrute,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,getBounds,invert,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),setShaderFile,dCollideCapsuleSphere,PinJoint(C),getSpeed,getBone,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,setBound,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,updateGeometry,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,SkeletonDebugger(C),computeGlobalAxes,updateGeometry,dCollideCapsulePlane,getShape,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getSurfaceTangentRotation,rotate,ccdCollide,PQTorus(C),Dome(C),createPistonJoint,getI,updateGeometry,collideWith,intersectsSphere,Decompose,deepClone,getInnerRadius,Cylinder(C),GetSupportSide,glUniformMatrix4,modifyTexture,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,convertElementMode,buildShader,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,updateLightListUniforms,onMeshDrawn,transformDirection,setViewProjection,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,solveTOI,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,intersectsBox,computeBlendFactors,initialize,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,getWorldMatrix,populateProbes,getI,reset,,getRadius,getScreenCoordinates,updateProbe,R,displayShadowMap,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,createOffCamera,glFramebufferTextureLayer,setMotorEnabled,,dBodyCreate,setMotorEnabled,renderProcessing,mergeGeometries,isZero,raycast,clone,getMaximumRotation,getSimplex,clone,add,getMatrix,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,clone,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dGetEulerAngleFromRot,init,getFormatsForCaps,controlUpdate,MotionTrack(C),getShadowCamera,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneFields,cloneForSpatial,visit,setZoomSpeed,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,processTriangles,SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,attachScene,OccludersExtractor(C),getInertia,BoxShape(C),RigidBody(C),clearValue,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setEnabled,update,updateFrustumPoints,dCROSSMAT,getFrictionCoefficient,reloadMaterial,adjustMass,getRotation,getDistanceSquare,degenPrologue,getRotation,getRadius,getVertices,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,BodyFixture(C),filterLights,PerformCollisionChecking,cleanup,getRotation,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,addNormal,getRotation,getRotation,dJointSetLMotorAxis,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getInfo2,getTransformMatrix,visit,getRadius1,dJointCreatePiston,render,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getInfo2,pointInsideTriangle,invoke,setAxisDelta,warmStart,collideWith,getI,getRadius,updateAABB,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,Circle(C),DxJointPR(C),triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getConvexDecomposition,getPrevious,addTorques,getLimot2,getAxis,detect,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,setMotorSpeed,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,setMotorEnabled,setMaxMotorForce,getCollideBits,intersect,PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,getAngularError,FrictionJoint(C),addTorque,Joint(C),setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,initializeConstraints,addTorque,getRelativeRotation,getRelativeRotation,translate,getTangentialImpulse,integrateRigidBodiesPositions,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setMaxAngularSpeed,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,GJKAlgorithm(C),getBody2,testAndAddDiscContact,createSky,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),distanceToCam,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,setWorldMatrix,gim_aabbset_ray_collision,setZoomSpeed,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRadius,lerp,getBody1,dCollideHeightfieldZone,Island(C),getPointDepth,fromBoundingSphere,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,BoundingSphereDebug(C),DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,DxRagdollBody(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,makeGeometry,getTargetVertexIndex,testCollision,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,mixFriction,getTangentSpeed,addTimeRotation,dGeomRaySet,dColliderFn,createCopy,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getNormal,run,setBall2,hashCode,getGeometry,add,compare,toString,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,Quad(C),compare,setAnchor,last,link,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,FixedJoint(C),influenceParticle,Joint(C),influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,Listener(C),solveVelocityContraints,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolver(C),dRFromEulerAngles,add,solve1,computeAABB,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),dColliderFn,scaleMatrix,solve,getInfo2,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dIsPositiveDefinite,dColliderFn,setConvex,GETCOL,GETCOL,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setSourceParams,dPrintMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),getInfo2,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),WarmStartingContactManager(C),fromOpenGL,setArg,dJointSetFixed,isAllowed,set,initialize,Fixture(C),addPerturbedContacts,detect,detect,collide,collide2,dColliderFn,removeNoCollisionPair,computeZFar,dRSetIdentity,SOR_LCP,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,dxStepIsland_Stage1,setFixture,Capacity(C),Island(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,getBodies,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,DxJointDHinge(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),CollisionBody(C),testCollision,ConstraintSolverData(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,HingeJointInfo(C),isOutside,dCollideHeightfield,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,addLimot,render,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,collideWith,BAR2,dColliderFn,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,Impulse(C),onAction,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,getInfo2,SliderJointInfo(C),JointInfo(C),removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate]},
calculate:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Plane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger], [setAxisDelta,dJointSetPistonParam,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),addTorque,setAxes,dGeomSetQuaternion,dJointSetFixed,getAnchor1,distance,scaleMatrix,read,transform,dMULTIPLY0_333,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,dVector3LengthSquare,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,gim_aabbset_alloc,setConvex,toString,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,dxStepIsland_Stage2b,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dRemoveRowCol,run,dWorldImpulseToForce,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,getInfo2,dJointCreateHinge,createSapSpace,clone,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,setAutoDisableDefaults,dCollideCylinderBox,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,setAnchor,getInfo2,setRelativeValues,DxJointDHinge(C),collide,collide2,viewCol,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dBoxBox,dColliderFn,ray_sphere_helper,viewCol,lengthSquared,checkFactorization,dQFromAxisAndAngle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,set,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,dMassSetParameters,modifyTexture,DVector3Tovec3f,dCollideBTL,fromAxes,makeCurrent,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,setGuiBounding,equals,getMass,dCollideBTL,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,interpolateTransforms,R,dRfromQ,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,setOrientation,updateWorldLightList,Rw,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquare,sortPlanes,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,setInverseRotationDegrees,preloadScene,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,render,removeAllJoints,triangulate,write,getMass,updateUniformBindings,scaleTextureCoordinates,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,getRotationRadius,setParamFudgeFactor,addTorques,getAxes,dColliderFn,isOutside,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,solveVelocityContraints,createMass,addLimot,DVector3ColView(C),setLinearVelocity,getFrictionImpulse2,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dJointSetTransmissionRatio,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetJointsArrayP,getBody2,getMotorTorque,getMotorForce,getSleepLinearVelocity,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setPenetrationImpulse,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getBody,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),solveVelocityConstraints,JointEdge(C),getBody1,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getReactionForce,allow,setCollisionData,getReactionTorque,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,getMotorTorque,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,solveVelocityConstraint,addRelTorque,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,isAllowed,run,trigger,createVector2Buffer,generatePbrMaps,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,solve,getVertexGlobal,JointInfo(C),getVelocity,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,setIsSleeping,getPointDepth,generateUniforms,_cldInitCylinderBox,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,switchToSoftware,updateAABB,BallAndSocketJoint(C),testCollision,dColliderFn,DxCylinder(C),computeFrictionVectors,read,getParam,SliderJoint(C),addFaceCandidate,onStop,collideWith,clearMatParams,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,Impulse(C),getMotorTorque,setMaterial,getNormalImpulse,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),getWrapMode,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,SliderJointInfo(C),postFrame,read,addOccluders,computeZFar,VEC_SCALE,updateInstance,setMaterial,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,BasicShadowRenderer(C),loadCapabilitiesCommon,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,render,getHeight,setSourceParams,isVelocityFromTranslation,read,distanceSquaredTo,distanceToEdge,getVelocity,solve,read,setRotation,read,read,lengthSquared,lookAt,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,read,ccdGeomToCyl,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,addLight,setPrefilteredMap,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getOffsetTransform,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,FixedJoint(C),setDefaultHorizontalRotation,DirectionalLight(C),Light(C),ParticleEmitter(C),AmbientLight(C),getRoots,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,rotateScreenAligned,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getRadius1,dColliderFn,updateCamera,initParticleData,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getAxes,getRestitutionVelocity,rotate,setZoomSpeed,Rectangle(C),rotate,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,initParticleData,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,computeClosestPointOfObject,setVelocity,getPoint,mixFriction,equals,calcScreenArea,render,computeAABB,penEPAPos,getBezierP1toP2Length,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),updateGeometry,getRandomPoint,clone,getType,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,createMass,getAngleBetween,rotate,getRadius,distanceSquared,intersect,compare,dColliderFn,initParticleData,testAndAddDiscContact,updatePositions,read,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,collideWith,collideWith,PQTorus(C),Dome(C),updateGeometry,random,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setMaterialParameters,setMaterialParameters,setMaterialParameters,render,SkeletonWire(C),SkeletonPoints(C),generateIrradianceMap,LightControl(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setConvex,distanceSquared,read,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,getTextureMode,countConnections,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,DxHeightfieldData(C),DESTRUCTOR,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getAxes,getRadius,setParams,distance,generate,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setGeometryData,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,coplanar_tri_tri,rotate,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolverData(C),read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),doubleSize,rotate,setCamera,setCamera,cleanup,initEvent,addToRootBone,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,setSpatial,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,Cinematic(C),getVelocityVariation,addPerturbedContacts,setTexture,render,compare,getFlyByCamera,link,getInertia,createCopy,getNormal,run,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),write,duUpdateGeometryVertices,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,distanceSquared,write,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,distance,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,merge,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,read,createSimpleClone,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,distance,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),isZero,raycast,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,setUserData,applyVelocityVariation,cleanProbes,getType,clone,setCamera,setEnabled,PointLightShadowFilter(C),cloneForSpatial,loadTexture,cloneFields,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,loadTexture,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,createSky,rotate,MotionTrack(C),onNewTexture,HingeJointInfo(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,getBone2,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,removeProcessor,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),addNormal,getTransformMatrix,visit,makeGeometry,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,initialize,render,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,update,getTexture,toString,reloadMaterial,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getPlaceholderImage,getFormatsForCaps,setEnabled,distanceToCam,compare,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,render,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,duUpdateGeometryVertices,reload,compare,initialize,createLumShader,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,cleanup,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,getTangentialImpulse,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,render,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,setImage,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,reset,,init]},
shape:{[org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver], [solveTOI,isCollisionEnabled,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeNextAvailableBodyID,createMass,GJKAlgorithm(C),integrateRigidBodiesVelocities,updateParticle,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,PointLight(C),read,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),Fixture(C),getRotationDiscRadius,interpolatePath,setVelocity,newBodiesIndexPair,getRotation,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,solveVelocityConstraint,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,solveVelocityConstraints,collision,getFrictionVector2,collision,JointInfo(C),isOnIsland,getUp,computeLocalInertiaTensor,raycast,raycast,_cldTestAxis,set,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,ccdGeomToObj,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,dVector3CrossMat3Col,copyRotation,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createTransmissionJoint,dMULTIPLYOP0_333,dBodySetMass,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,read,collideWith,collideWith,read,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),setGeometry,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,setBound,testCollision,DxGimpact(C),dJointSetAMotorNumAxes,solveVelocityConstraints,write,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,FOO2,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dCollideSpherePlane,gim_merge_contacts,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,MakeMatrix,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getInfo2,setConvex,read,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getRotation,read,setConvex,getScreenCoordinates,dJointCreateTransmission,sortPlanes,SetupInitialContext,read,deepClone,glUniformMatrix4,updateGeometry,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,coplanar_tri_tri,setTexture,generateParallel,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,computeAABB,addPerturbedContacts,read,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,link,getI,DxHeightfieldData(C),setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getDistanceSquare,updateGeometry,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,toRotationMatrix,createMass,isEnabledAndDynamic,getTargetVertexIndex,read,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),getYMonotonePolygons,createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,createMass,last,getData,read,dMaxDifference,setMinMax,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),createTriangulation,getBezierP1toP2Length,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,read,getLocalToWorldMatrix,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),rotateAboutCenter,BIHTriangle(C),getRotation,getRadius,getRotation,getVertices,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,setInBuffer,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,PrismaticJoint(C),addTorques,detachChildAt,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,updateParticleData,findEmitter,setSpatial,updateParticleData,setSpatial,updateParticleData,computeLocalInertiaTensor,read,solvePositionConstraints,collideWith,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,DxJointDHinge(C),DxJointHinge(C),dColliderFn,getInfo2,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,setSourceParams,read,read,getVelocity,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,write,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,multLocal,TST1,dColliderFn,write,positiveRank,testAndAddDiscContact,intersectsBox,computeAABB,addTorques,DxJointUniversal(C),createMass,getAxis,detect,getNumAxes,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,getMode,intersect,read,StripBox(C),dColliderFn,write,isZero,raycast,read,toString,add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,setSpatial,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,dotColCol,solve1,dGeomRaySet,dotColCol,DVector3ColView(C),dInvertPDMatrix,updateFrustumPoints,write,calcScreenArea,DxJointSlider(C),dJointSetPistonAnchor,isOutside,getInfo2,getAnchor1,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),read,updatePositions,getQuaternion,decompose,dRFrom2Axes,rotate,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,DxJointPR(C),read,buildShader,read,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadModel,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,write,updateLightListUniforms,read,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,loadModel,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,renderSubScene,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,Dome(C),getTangentialImpulse,solvePositionConstraints,ContactSolver(C),solvePositionConstraints,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,solveVelocityConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,toString,FrictionJoint(C),solvePositionConstraints,initEvent,warmstart,adjustMass,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,initializeConstraints,read,init,initBeforeSolve,R,getFrictionCoefficient,getBone2,reset,,getRadius,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,fromTransformMatrix,write,read,read,write,read,read,write,setPoi,initialize,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),read,distanceToCam,populateProbes,updateAverageLuminance,write,displayShadowMap,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,getPointDepth,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,createDebugSphere,setMode,AABB(C),updateGeometry,PQTorus(C),createMass,getRadius,setGeometryData,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,fixRefreshFlags,setZoomSpeed,initialize,rotate,lerp,read,setValue,read,read,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,reload,read,getAttachmentsNode,createClone,,duUpdateGeometryNormals,makeProbe,mixFriction,getTangentSpeed,cloneForSpatial,addLimot,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,postQueue,clone,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),create,getI,getBones,getRotation,getBody2,getBody,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,trigger,solve,ThreadedProcessJobStart,write,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getValueAsString,clone,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,makeGeometry,getInfo2,setEnabled,read,enqueueCinematicEvent,update,update,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),write,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),filterLights,write,write,fromOpenGL,setArg,read,isAllowed,onStop,getSpeed,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),detachChildAt,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,registerBinding,initBeforeSolve,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,dRFromAxisAndAngle,Rotation(C),onAction,distanceToCam,read,SliderJointInfo(C),setWorldMatrix,HingeJointInfo(C),read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,write,update,cloneForSpatial,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,read,Quad(C),compare,read,visit,getScenes,solveVelocityContraints,dotCol,cleanup,dispose,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),render,createSky,Impulse(C),initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,read,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,write,SnapshotJob(C),process,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,computeZFar,getFormatsForCaps,MotionTrack(C),render,solve]},
rotate:{[com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PointLight,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState], [initParticleData,ChaseCameraAppState(C),oldClone,read,buildAnimation,initParticleData,write,setMovedCallback,onViewPortChange,lerp,set,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getRadius,read,getFarthestFeature,setWarmStartDistance,dJointGetSliderPosition,setLimits,getSliceRadius,setVolume,setLowerLimit,initEvent,zoomCamera,createMass,getRadius,getMatrix,dRSetIdentity,invert,onAction,getClosestCollision,setFrictionVector2,intersectsBox,dJointGetPistonPositionRate,dJointGetPRPositionRate,getInfo2,_cldClipping,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,add,render,write,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,equals,toString,emitParticles,read,newBodiesIndexPair,dRFrom2Axes,dJointGetUniversalAngle1Rate,write,dMultiply0_133,lengthSquared,write,getCollideBits,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dCollideSpheres,createVector3Buffer,dClearUpperTriangle,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dGeomGetCollideBits,dClearUpperTriangle,read,ccdGeomToCap,isAllowed,onStop,getTriangulation,setBall2,read,initParticleData,updateFilter,addFixture,read,read,depthFirstTraversal,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,addTorques,project,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setNumAxes,createCapsule,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,solveVelocityConstraint,setTransformRefresh,setMaxMotorForce,dJointCreateTransmission,write,getReceivers,getReceivers,getReceivers,resetLimits,measureAngle2,getInfo2,Segment(C),countConnections,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),setParams,getMaterial,IntersectCapsuleTri,initEvent,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,addToRootBone,setFriction,initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,computeEulerAngles,getMode,getAnchor1,setScene,HingeJointInfo(C),generateIrradianceMap,controlUpdate,BoundingBox(C),getAnchor1,getAnchor1,setCamera,setAngularTarget,getBones,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),_cldClipBoxToCylinder,validate,read,createPolygonalCapsule,addFaceCandidate,read,makeGeometry,getBone,getBone,switchToHardware,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,intersectsSphere,SkeletonDebugger(C),setXParamFMax,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dRemoveRowCol,run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandBodiesStartA,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,loadCapabilitiesGL2,updateLength,write,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,solveVelocityConstraint,collide,influenceParticle,write,isCollisionEnabled,read,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,isCollisionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,write,scaleMatrix,read,generate,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,CheckEdgeIntersection,equals,getSimplex,createFrustum,read,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,addNormal,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,setLimitsEnabled,toString,initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),DistanceJoint(C),dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,getBodyCount,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),write,isZero,raycast,getRadius,clone,read,read,intersectsBoundingBox,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,getRadius,SpotLight(C),lengthSquared,collideWith,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,getFrictionVector2,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,setFriction,getInfo2,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,getInfo1,read,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,setToleranceAngle,setBounds,getEdgeTo,clone,getPrevious,getFlyByCamera,toString,BoxShape(C),solve,getHeightfieldData,LightList(C),getHeightfieldData,render,initialize,setMeshes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),read,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_update_vertices,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),updateGeometry,SliderJointInfo(C),set,decompose,MAT_DOT_VEC_3X3,set,add,checkFactorization,dBoxBox,ray_sphere_helper,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,read,read,compare,dCollideCylinderBox,computeBoundForPoints,getTargetVertexIndex,read,deepClone,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getI,setCapsule,equals,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,last,getData,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,testAndAddDiscContact,link,postFrame,postFrame,modifyTexture,dColliderFn,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dColliderFn,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,render,notifyReshape,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,render,triangulate,write,Impulse(C),read,WarmStartingContactManager(C),setTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadMaterial,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,render,write,loadMaterial,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,MotionTrack(C),getReceivers,controlRender,doBatch,getShadowCamera,computeAABB,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,construct,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,read,read,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),intersectsBox,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,read,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,getColor,read,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,BitmapTextPage(C),read,dColliderFn,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,render,render,reset,,triangulate,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,read,read,write,dColliderFn,init,intersect,raycast,raycast,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,JointInfo(C),addToInstancedGeometry,visit,dColliderFn,isCollisionEnabled,CollisionDetection(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,updateAverageLuminance,read,write,write,read,write,write,write,render,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,getRadius,SnapshotJob(C),removeProcessor,process,makeProbe,dColliderFn,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),PairManager(C),update,collision,collision,collision,collision,postFrame,write,,read,postFrame,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,requiresSceneAsTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,read,reload,compare,write,isEmpty,intersectBrute,setConvex,distanceToCam,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,testCollision,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,collide,collide2,isOutside,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,createDebugSphere,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,setMode,AABB(C),getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dColliderFn,getVolume,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createSky,InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getFrictionCoefficient,setCamera,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,reloadMaterial,dCollideCapsuleSphere,setEnabled,getInfo2,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,computeZFar,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,addLimot,collideWith,collideWith,initialize,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,filterLights,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,mixFriction,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,cleanup]},
bounding:{[com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact], [write,write,updateFrustumPoints2,write,emitParticle,read,read,Camera(C),VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,computeLastDistance,getRoots,write,setCamera,setCamera,getTextureMode,createCapsule,computeWorldMatrix,intersectsBox,setLocalRotation,prepareForAnim,set,write,write,read,setPoi,read,getType,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),computeFromTris,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),updateListenerParam,read,getVelocity,read,getVelocity,PerformCollisionChecking,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),updatePositions,read,calcScreenArea,setGeometryData,createSky,computeAABB,testCollision,penEPAPos,getBezierP1toP2Length,intersect,DxCylinder(C),write,dGeomRaySet,cleanProbes,getPointDepth,getRotation,rotate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getMass,ccdGeomToObj,createDBallJoint,read,rotate,dColliderFn,clone,render,dQuatInvTransform,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,processTriangle,contains,contains,clone,setBounds,getEdgeTo,getYMonotonePolygons,clone,getPrevious,MakeMatrix,fromAxes,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,getPoint,createMass,dColliderFn,rotateAboutCenter,dColliderFn,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,getRadius,getAxes,getRadius,contains,setParams,distance,clone,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,setMode,AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,collideCylCyl,getRadius,getBody,getTimeOfImpact,write,createTriangulation,getRadius,dColliderFn,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,dJointGetPRPositionRate,detachChildAt,getHeightfieldData,read,sortPlanes,addOccluders,computeZFar,rotate,onAction,decompose,setBox,getReactionForce,setConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,updateInstance,DxGimpact(C),updateMass,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryTextures,read,duUpdateGeometryTextures,read,dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,write,toString,write,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,clone,add,read,inverse,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,onAnalog,lengthSquared,warmstart,SetupInitialContext,equals,add,solve1,computeAABB,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,dRemoveRowCol,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setVelocity,getRotation,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,write,read,Quad(C),setFilterMode,reload,compare,updateUniformBindings,getReactionForce,dMULTIPLY0_331,dColliderFn,getInterBoneWires,scaleMatrix,read,degenPrologue,dJointCreateBall,isEmpty,dColliderFn,distanceToCam,compare,getRotation,getDistanceSquare,BAR2,dQFromAxisAndAngle,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,collideWith,initialize,write,write,loadFpsText,rotateAboutCenter,onAction,inverseRotateVect,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,registerBinding,getShaderParamDefineId,convertWrapMode,onShaderUse,addNormal,read,read,applySkinning,createLumShader,getParam,visit,BasicShadowRenderer(C),read,getScenes,dColliderFn,updateUniformBindings,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,notifyParamChanged,makeCurrent,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,setConvex,dCollideBTL,dCollideBTL,read,glAttachShader,BodyFixture(C),getPlaceholderImage,getInertia,BoxShape(C),write,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dCollideCylinderBox,read,read,cleanup,createOffCamera,adjustMass,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,compare,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),read,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getReactionTorque,measureAngle2,countConnections,write,getTargetVertexIndex,link,dGeomSetRotation,deleteShaderSource,set,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,toTransformMatrix,R,dRfromQ,setOrientation,Rw,computeLocalInertiaTensor,glGetShader,triangulate,write,getMass,getAngle1Internal,coplanar_tri_tri,applyForce,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,getBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dBodyGetMass,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,setEnabled,read,loadGuiFont,update,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),getFrictionCoefficient,requiresDepthAsTexture,read,addMaterialParam,setValue,Shader(C),write,InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,loadFont,reload,createClone,,loadFont,addPerturbedContacts,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dJointAddSliderForce,dJointAddPistonForce,setImage,updateProbe,countConnections,last,SkeletonPoints(C),Fixture(C),clone,read,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),SnapshotJob(C),gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,dJointSetDHingeAxis,getReactionForce,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,WheelJoint(C),write,rotate,testCollision,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,write,write,write,write,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,isEnabledAndDynamic,isVarying,init,controlUpdate,write,MotionTrack(C),getTargetBoneIndex,clone,setArg,dJointSetFixed,addRelTorque,read,isAllowed,onPlay,getReactionForce,setContactsPositionCorrectionTechnique,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setRotation,write,read,cloneFields,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,controlRender,read,cloneForSpatial,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getParent,reset,,iterator,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getReactionTorque,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,DxJointAMotor(C),updateParticleData,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,initBeforeSolve,createCopy,getNormal,run,compute_invM_JT,dxStepIsland_Stage2b,getBones,getInfo2,solvePositionContraints,initializeConstraints,getReactionForce,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,read,write,write,read,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),getAnchor2,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,Rotation(C),onAction,setPenetrationImpulse,solvePositionConstraint,getInfo2,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,getFrictionImpulse2,solvePositionConstraint,getReactionForce,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,setBody1,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,dWorldImpulseToForce,addToRootBone,getFixture1,initEvent,read,impulseToForce,write,read,JointInfo(C),render,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,mixFriction,setIsSplitImpulseActive,HingeJointInfo(C),SliderJointInfo(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,getNumAxes,getBody2,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),clear,ThreadedProcessJobStart,influenceParticle,addTorques,getBone2,Impulse(C),getNormalImpulse,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,write,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,makeGeometry,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,controlUpdate,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,getInfo2,isOutside,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,addLimot,solve,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),rotate,getTangentialImpulse]},
sphere:{[com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.animation.Bone,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor], [write,computeFromTris,updatePositions,read,getPointDepth,rotate,ccdGeomToObj,createLMotorJoint,getType,rotate,dGeomRaySet,read,PerformCollisionChecking,rotateAboutCenter,clone,clone,clone,getRadius,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,clone,DxCylinder(C),getAxes,getRadius,contains,getPointDepth,setParams,write,distance,clone,getRotation,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,contains,setGeometryData,getScreenCoordinates,setMode,AABB(C),flipAlongTheYAxis,read,write,rotateAboutCenter,collideCylCyl,getRadius,getTextureMode,getBody,contains,write,getTimeOfImpact,read,createTriangulation,getRadius,getPoint,calcScreenArea,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,dColliderFn,testCollision,penEPAPos,pointInsideTriangle,dColliderFn,dJointGetPRPositionRate,intersect,dColliderFn,dGetEulerAngleFromRot,rotate,gim_aabbset_alloc,setZoomSpeed,DirectionalLight(C),AmbientLight(C),Light(C),intersectsBox,read,dColliderFn,getVertices,dColliderFn,dMassSetParameters,dColliderFn,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,prepareForAnim,getYMonotonePolygons,getPrevious,Decompose,fromRotationMatrix,setLight,getChangeInOrientation,dColliderFn,DESTRUCTOR,doubleSize,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,updateFrustumPoints,setRotateSpeed,read,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,getRoots,setCamera,setCamera,depthFirstTraversal,depthFirstTraversal,set,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,cleanup,dJointCreateAMotor,setConvex,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,updateListenerParam,read,getUp,read,getVelocity,write,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,toString,write,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,clone,add,read,getMatrix,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,updateCamera,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,SetupInitialContext,isPointInTriangle,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gatherGeometries,dColliderFn,isEmpty,rotateAboutCenter,setZoomSpeed,copy,transformDirection,extractIndirectLights,rotate,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,getLight,BodyFixture(C),dColliderFn,createSky,getInertia,BoxShape(C),getRotation,getJoints,read,render,dColliderFn,makeCurrent,getRotation,getDistanceSquare,generate,scaleMatrix,read,dCROSSMAT,setGeometry,getParam,render,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,add,solve1,computeAABB,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),matrixInvert,decompose,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dLDLTAddTL,addNormal,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,getBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setAutoDisableDefaults,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,BAR2,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),removeJointFromJointsList,getI,getBones,getMaxAngularSpeed,updateAABB,setLight,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,Fixture(C),write,read,setConvex,read,glUniformMatrix4,read,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),detect,detect,write,collideWith,initVelocityArrays,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,getRelativeRotation,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getJointSpeed,measureAngle2,getTargetVertexIndex,link,countConnections,read,coplanar_tri_tri,GJKAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,collideWith,addPerturbedContacts,duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,getFormatsForCaps,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,DxJointAMotor(C),destroy,getTargetBoneIndex,write,dRFrom2Axes,fromOpenGL,dPrintMatrix,setArg,invert,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMakeRandomMatrix,read,isAllowed,onStop,clone,write,isActive,checkMotionAllowed,isActive,solveVelocityContraints,initBeforeSolve,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,setSpatial,updateParticleData,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,addTorque,dJointSetDHingeAxis,read,getParent,warmStart,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,PinJoint(C),setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getAngularError,FrictionJoint(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,dJointAddSliderForce,invoke,setAxisDelta,setTexture,last,onNewTexture,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,setTexture,solvePositionConstraints,dJointAddPistonForce,initBeforeSolve,addOccluders,computeZFar,getInfo2,DistanceJoint(C),PulleyJoint(C),toString,addTorques,addTorque,from,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),getAngularSpeed,createCopy,getNormal,run,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),read,write,getFrictionImpulse2,dRSetIdentity,fillFloatBuffer,write,getGeometry,ungroupSceneGraph,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,setMatParams,read,Quad(C),setMatParams,reload,compare,notifyReshape,ContactPoint(C),mixFriction,getTangentSpeed,equals,getInterBoneWires,controlRender,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,Rotation(C),onAction,clear,solvePositionContraints,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getInfo2,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage1,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,setBody1,removeObject,update,collision,collision,collision,collision,getRelativeRotation,getRelativeRotation,JointInfo(C),initBeforeSolve,distanceToCam,compare,render,read,loadTexture,initialize,isLineWrap,read,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,loadTexture,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,buildShader,ConstraintSolverData(C),setWorldMatrix,solve,run,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getTangentialImpulse,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,write,toString,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,write,read,makeCurrent,setLighting,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,setScene,getDuration,write,setSpeed,read,getSpeed,cloneForSpatial,applySkinning,read,read,write,cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),render,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,collide,ContactEdge(C),read,isAllowed,run,generatePbrMaps,initialize,postFrame,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,countConnections,rotate,init,MotionTrack(C),HingeJointInfo(C),getInfo1,registerBinding,SnapshotJob(C),removeProcessor,visit,reset,,makeGeometry,SliderJointInfo(C),updateAverageLuminance,makeCurrent,postFrame,postFrame,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,postFrame,createClone,,postFrame,SkeletonPoints(C),generateIrradianceMap,R,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,createSimpleClone,getLight,clone,getCapsule,write,write,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getInfo2,setEnabled,read,update,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,isOutside,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,setEnabled,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,Impulse(C),getBone2,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,rotate,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),cleanup,addToRootBone,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),addLimot]},
piston:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator], [dGeomSetOffsetRotation,setAxes,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,getMotorForce,DxRagdoll(C),getInfo2,getInfo2,dJointCreatePlane2D,createHeightfieldData,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,addTorque,contains,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),getInfo2,setAxisDelta,getJointSpeed,dJointGetPRPosition,update,testCollision,solveVelocityConstraint,HingeJointInfo(C),getLimot2,dJointSetLMotorParam,getInfo1,MAT_DOT_VEC_3X3,getReactionTorque,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,getMode,computeCurrentHingeAngle,setFriction,SliderJointInfo(C),setLimitsEnabled,setLimitEnabled,isOutside,getAngle,removeAllJoints,m_stepperArena,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,addJoint,isOnIsland,GetJointsArrayP,Island(C),write,getBody2,getReactionForce,getBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setFrictionVector2,dxStepIsland_Stage1,setFixture,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getReactionForce,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getTorque,allow,allow,destroyed,setRelativeValues,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),write,isAllowed,run,read,createVector2Buffer,makeProbe,toString,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,setXParamFMax,getMaterial,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,createMass,addLimot,Impulse(C),setModelBound,getNormalImpulse,dotCol,getFrictionVector2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,addFaceCandidate,collide,collide2,generateUniforms,clone,initialize,getInfo2,onStop,write,ChaseCameraAppState(C),addToRootBone,zoomCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,initEvent,setupTextureSwizzle,setEnableCurrentCam,write,read,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,read,addFixture,equals,getRadius,lerp,read,distanceToNearPlane,render,addTorques,createMass,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,write,getHalfHeight,call,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),read,write,dMULTIPLY0_333,lengthSquared,write,dRFrom2Axes,lengthSquare,fromOpenGL,dClipEdgeToPlane,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,read,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,ccdCollide,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,write,oldClone,buildAnimation,setVolume,dRSetIdentity,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,solve,write,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),initParticleData,initParticleData,setWarmStartDistance,createMass,Rectangle(C),read,dLDLTAddTL,initParticleData,set,updateFilter,BallAndSocketJoint(C),_cldClipPolyToPlane,JointInfo(C),getInfo2,read,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,updateGeometry,write,makeGeometry,unassociateFromGroupNode,isCollisionEnabled,swap,checkCulling,doDisplayFrustumDebug,doDisplayFrustumDebug,read,setInterleaved,getBone2,countConnections,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),write,write,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,computeLastDistance,SkeletonDebugger(C),generateIrradianceMap,setTransformRefresh,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,read,influenceParticle,write,read,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,solveVelocityContraints,loadCapabilitiesGL2,getTangentialImpulse,add,dTestSolveLCP,lengthSquared,dBoxBox,ray_sphere_helper,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),mixFriction,equals,setParams,GetPointFromBarycentric,dLDLTAddTL,Eigen3f(C),dColliderFn,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,addPoint,asin,invoke,setAxisDelta,dMassSetCapsule,modifyTexture,CONSTRUCTPLANE,makeCurrent,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,setCapsule,CONSTRUCTPLANE,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,Rw,equals,getHeightfieldData,renderGeometryList,glActiveTexture,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,render,triangulate,write,getMass,updateUniformBindings,createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,dCollideCylinderBox,updateFrustumPoints2,getPointDepth,write,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,read,read,create,write,collide,updateLength,validate,PerformCollisionChecking,displayShadowMap,getFlyByCamera,dColliderFn,displayShadowMap,DxCylinder(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),addNormal,render,duUpdateGeometryNormals,addOccluders,computeZFar,write,read,read,AmbientLight(C),collideWithTri,getShadowCamera,batch,clone,BoxShape(C),computeLastDistance,updatePositions,read,computeAABB,penEPAPos,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getHeight,getRadius,setParams,write,distance,clone,deepClone,bulkPut,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,setGeometryData,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,setTextureMode,getHeight,write,getHeight,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setCamera,setCamera,read,setMeshes,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),read,render,dColliderFn,write,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,render,intersect,Fixture(C),write,collideWith,generate,MotionTrack(C),gim_aabbset_alloc,dColliderFn,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),dColliderFn,DxGimpact(C),dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,loadFont,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,write,loadFont,read,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,dColliderFn,CheckSATConvexFaces,write,isZero,raycast,write,read,read,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,createSky,setTexture,last,getData,compare,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,getTargetVertexIndex,read,read,setGeometry,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,testCollision,raycast,raycast,dColliderFn,setOwner,write,write,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,decompose,dColliderFn,reset,,SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,removeProcessor,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),getHeightfieldData,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),StripBox(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,init,dColliderFn,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,renderProcessing,dColliderFn,write,write,,read,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,requiresSceneAsTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getFormatsForCaps,setAlignment,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),visit,read,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,filterLights,collideWith,collideWith,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,cleanup,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,render,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,setConvex,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,write,update,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,convertToHalf,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,setCamera,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,setEnabled,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,compare,distanceToCam]},
cinematic:{[com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory], [getDuration,write,updateInstance,collideWithRay,duUpdateGeometryNormals,clone,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,collideWith,renderProcessing,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),setUserTransformsInModelSpace,write,SpotLight(C),set,postFrame,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getWrapMode,getRotationColumn,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,disableDebugShape,rotateAroundOrigin,setInverseRotationRadians,intersectsSphere,getPage,read,read,createSimpleClone,rotateAxial,write,equals,read,createFrustum,setSpeed,updateWorldBound,read,setSpatial,collideWith,createSimpleClone,orthogonalLineFit,Triangle(C),EmitterPointShape(C),controlRenderHardware,preFrame,isOnPlane,setTime,getLight,write,preFrame,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createPolygonalCapsule,getRadius,write,write,read,collideWith,getDefinition,merge,setLocalRotation,setMatrix4,distance,getInfo2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getFiniteRotationMode,setRotationSpeed,setScene,isEmpty,cloneForSpatial,getBone,setKeyframes,convertToHalf,applyVelocityVariation,influenceParticle,getVolume,toString,needsDirection,onPlay,getSpeed,getWorldOffsetPosr,setAsleep,setCamera,dGeomTriMeshSetData,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,intersectWhere,toTransformMatrix,setEnabled,setOwner,getReceivers,getOccludersToRender,getOccludersToRender,write,computeLastDistance,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,read,subEq,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getColor,loadMaterial,initialize,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,dCollideCapsuleSphere,dCollideCapsulePlane,spatialTolight,getSurfaceTangentRotation,renderFromControl,setTextureMode,getSpeed,getBone,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,cloneFields,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,updateGeometry,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,SkeletonDebugger(C),computeGlobalAxes,getRotation,ccdGeomToCyl,getRadius,getRadius,connectingJoint,getI,getOuterRadius,collideWith,intersectsSphere,FetchTriangleCount,deepClone,getInnerRadius,updateGeometry,IntersectSegmentPlane,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,getUp,getRadius,setShaderFile,isCollisionAllowed,getI,unbatchSubGraph,getSimplex,isZero,raycast,clone,getMaximumRotation,clone,add,inverse,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,clone,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dBoxTouchesBox,loadCapabilitiesGL2,glUniformMatrix4,modifyTexture,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,buildShader,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setWorldMatrix,updateLightListUniforms,onMeshDrawn,transformDirection,preloadScene,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,detect,getJoints,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,intersectsSphere,computeBlendFactors,update,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,oldDeepClone,populateProbes,reset,,updateParticleData,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,getInertia,BoxShape(C),updateProbe,getRadius,getRotation,getDistanceSquare,generate,R,createFrustum,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,call,glFramebufferTextureLayer,setMotorEnabled,,dBodyGetRotation,setMotorEnabled,getRotation,getVertices,addNormal,PerformCollisionChecking,renderProcessing,decompose,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,getRotation,init,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getInfo2,pointInsideTriangle,invoke,setAxisDelta,BodyFixture(C),getRotation,getRotation,getFormatsForCaps,MotionTrack(C),dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getRadius1,dJointCreatePiston,removeJointFromJointsList,getI,rotateAboutCenter,equals,warmStart,visit,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,getRotationSpeed,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,getInfo2,getTriangulation,dOrthogonalizeR,dQFromAxisAndAngle,setBody,DxRagdollBody(C),fromOpenGL,createVector3Buffer,dPrintMatrix,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dMakeRandomMatrix,isAllowed,getBody2,ContactPoint(C),DynamicsWorld(C),mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),equals,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setBall,updateLength,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,WeldJoint(C),setMotorEnabled,setAngularTarget,getAnchor1,getJointAngle,getTangentialImpulse,PulleyJoint(C),dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,toString,GJKAlgorithm(C),DistanceJoint(C),duUpdateGeometryTextures,duUpdateGeometryTextures,toString,addTorques,dJointAddUniversalTorques,addTorque,isCollisionAllowed,setNumAxes,addTorques,getInfo2,addTorque,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),dJointAddHinge2Torques,setMotorSpeed,setMaxMotorForce,getShadowCamera,Circle(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,intersect,SnapshotJob(C),instance,attachScene,process,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,createDebugSphere,equals,triangulate,getTargetVertexIndex,calcScreenArea,computeZFar,main,last,getAxis,detect,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),_cldTestSeparatingAxes,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,attachChild,Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,calculateEigen,dCollideHeightfield,dJointSetHingeAnchorDelta,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,testAndAddDiscContact,link,InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,clear,dColliderFn,updatePositions,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),makeGeometry,computeAABB,testCollision,setEnabled,update,getInfo2,solve1,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,solvePositionConstraint,dCollideTrimeshPlane,createCopy,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getNormal,run,hashCode,getRotation,removeFixture,setCamera,solve,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getRadius,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dLDLTAddTL,setRotationSpeed,rotate,addFixture,setBody2,render,add,dBoxBox,dGeomRaySet,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),WarmStartingContactManager(C),addKeyFrameTransform,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,reloadMaterial,distanceToCam,solveVelocityContraints,setConvex,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,SOR_LCP,run,getInfo2,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),getUp,dRfromQ,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,influenceParticle,isCollisionEnabled,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,solveVelocityContraints,addPerturbedContacts,getInfo2,dColliderFn,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dCollideBoxPlane,dColliderFn,filterLights,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,render,updateListenerParam,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,triangulate,cleanup,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,initialize,ThreadedProcessJobStart,dColliderFn,isOutside,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,addLimot,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,collideWith,Impulse(C),JointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,isCollisionEnabled,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),Fixture(C),SliderJointInfo(C),getInfo2,HingeJointInfo(C),collideWith,testCollision,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,visit,createSky]},
volume:{[com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer], [write,read,computeWorldMatrix,getUp,intersectsBox,rotateUpTo,createCollisionData,set,write,updateFrustumPoints2,clone,updateParticle,read,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,computeLastDistance,write,updateListenerParam,isVelocityFromTranslation,getUp,read,getVelocity,write,setPoi,setCamera,setCamera,PerformCollisionChecking,createCapsule,computeFromTris,getTextureMode,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),checkCulling,getType,detachChildAt,computeAABB,testCollision,penEPAPos,getBezierP1toP2Length,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,write,read,intersect,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,updatePositions,read,write,dColliderFn,DxCylinder(C),getRotation,rotate,dGeomRaySet,getPointDepth,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,generateParallel,getRotation,getRotation,clone,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,clone,getYMonotonePolygons,clone,getPrevious,MakeMatrix,getRotationColumn,dColliderFn,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,read,dColliderFn,DESTRUCTOR,read,sortPlanes,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),dQuatInvTransform,render,rotate,testAndAddDiscContact,createMass,rotateAboutCenter,getMass,ccdGeomToObj,createDBallJoint,dColliderFn,createSky,dColliderFn,getPoint,cleanProbes,setGeometryData,clone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getRadius,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getAxes,getRadius,getRotation,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,setMode,AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getRadius,getBody,getTimeOfImpact,updateWorldBound,createTriangulation,getRadius,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,run,rotate,dJointGetPRPositionRate,dColliderFn,mapJoystick,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,write,addOccluders,computeZFar,setConvex,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,decompose,add,dSolveLCP,eqProd,computeAABB,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),getChangeInOrientation,SetupInitialContext,dColliderFn,checkCulling,setBox,dRemoveRowCol,setVelocity,getJointAngle,BAR2,getRotation,write,scaleMatrix,read,dNormalize4,degenPrologue,getTriangleIndex,collideWith,updateInstance,dQSetIdentity,duUpdateGeometryTextures,read,duUpdateGeometryTextures,write,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,getMaximumRotation,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,computeLocalInertiaTensor,add,read,getRotationAngleAxis,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,rotateCamera,lengthSquared,warmstart,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,read,dColliderFn,getRotation,getDistanceSquare,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,getInfo2,dColliderFn,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isEmpty,rotateAboutCenter,onAnalog,setInverseRotationRadians,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,compare,dColliderFn,addNormal,setConvex,dJointCreateBall,GETCOL,GETCOL,read,glAttachShader,onShaderUse,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dBodyGetMass,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),updateUniformBindings,setFriction,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,write,countConnections,read,read,write,setFilterMode,read,getTargetVertexIndex,updateUniformBindings,link,setMeshes,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),solvePositionConstraints,measureAngle2,coplanar_tri_tri,getInterBoneWires,read,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,read,Quad(C),reload,compare,solveVelocityConstraints,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dCollideCylinderBox,BasicShadowRenderer(C),detect,detect,Fixture(C),write,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,addPerturbedContacts,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,distanceToCam,compare,adjustMass,GJKAlgorithm(C),collideWith,collideWith,getVelocityVariation,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,solvePositionConstraints,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,last,deleteShaderSource,set,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,interpolateTransforms,R,dQMultiply1,setOrientation,Rw,computeLocalInertiaTensor,setTexture,glGetShader,notifyParamChanged,triangulate,write,getMass,getInfo2,setIsSleeping,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,initialize,write,loadFpsText,getShaderParamDefineId,convertWrapMode,visit,registerBinding,setShader,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,getScenes,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,setRelativeValues,dJointSetPistonAnchor,createLumShader,solveVelocityConstraints,iterator,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,solveVelocityConstraints,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,computeEulerAngles,getModelBindInverseTransform,makeCurrent,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),clearValue,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),getPlaceholderMaterial,read,enqueueCinematicEvent,cleanup,createOffCamera,dispose,getValueAsString,createCopy,getNormal,run,isEnabledAndDynamic,getInertia,SkeletonPoints(C),dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getPassMaterial,countConnections,setEnabled,read,loadGuiFont,update,getRotation,SnapshotJob(C),updateProbe,MotionTrack(C),getFiniteRotationMode,spatialTolight,write,write,write,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),write,,read,loadFont,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,loadFont,LastTextureState(C),read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),clone,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,addMaterialParam,setAlignment,Shader(C),BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,needsDirection,write,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,controlRender,read,cloneForSpatial,getFrictionCoefficient,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,setBody1,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionVector2,collision,isVarying,init,JointInfo(C),reset,,getInfo2,controlUpdate,dJointSetHingeAxis,dJointSetDHingeAxis,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,getInfo2,getSpeed,getBone,BoneTrack(C),DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxStepIsland_Stage3,getJointAngle,solvePositionConstraints,dJointSetFixed,getAnchor2,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addTorques,getAxis,detect,getNumAxes,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),warmStart,solveVelocityConstraints,applyVelocityVariation,write,initEvent,read,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,setTime,getCapsule,write,write,read,merge,trigger,onStop,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),computeCurrentHingeAngle,warmstart,addKeyFrameTransform,initializeConstraints,getSurfaceTangentRotation,SliderJointInfo(C),makeGeometry,setArg,isAllowed,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,setFriction,initEvent,impulseToForce,Impulse(C),initializeConstraints,getNormalImpulse,warmstart,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,getBody2,initializeConstraints,getBody,setFrictionVector2,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),Island(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,getTangentialImpulse,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,HingeJointInfo(C),rotate,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,getInfo2,Rotation(C),onAction,render,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),solve,addLimot,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,isOutside,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,mixFriction]},
scene:{[com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm], [registerBinding,distanceToCam,compare,read,detachChildAt,getScenes,createLumShader,computeWorldMatrix,collideWith,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,write,write,write,createPolygonalSlice,loadFpsText,getTransformMatrix,bulkPut,visit,calcTexArea,getGeometry,add,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,rotate,compare,equals,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,read,decomposePolygon,read,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setPostShadowParams,reload,compare,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,setViewProjection,merge,MotorJoint(C),dCalcVectorDot3_14,read,updateFrustumPoints,write,write,getInterBoneWires,read,read,read,setLocalRotation,read,cleanup,createOffCamera,update,getRadius,write,getPlaceholderImage,read,convertWrapMode,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,triangulate,write,setMotorEnabled,setEnabled,read,postFrame,loadGuiFont,onAction,update,read,SnapshotJob(C),updateWorldBound,OccludersExtractor(C),getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,clearValue,Shader(C),write,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresDepthAsTexture,,setTexture,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,loadFont,reload,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,getFrictionCoefficient,cloneForSpatial,needsDirection,write,read,computeBlendFactors,onAnalog,write,cloneFields,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,write,controlRender,clone,read,write,computeAABB,setBounds,cloneForSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),setImage,updateProbe,dBodySetTorque,MotionTrack(C),clone,contains,setOwner,write,getFormatsForCaps,collideWithBoundingVolume,isVarying,init,read,write,,read,write,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,write,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,glUniformMatrix3,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,modifyTexture,write,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,SupportIndex,getAngularTranslation,transformDirection,getYMonotonePolygons,R,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,reset,,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),dMassSetTrimesh,createSky,computeZFar,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,render,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),PinJoint(C),countConnections,write,rotate,getAxes,dGeomTriMeshSetData,getJointAngle,WeldJoint(C),write,write,write,read,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,addKeyFrameTransform,mergeLocal,collideWith,Camera(C),VEC_IMPACT_SQ,write,setWorldMatrix,subEq,updateListenerParam,read,getUp,read,getVelocity,DistanceJoint(C),controlUpdate,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,write,update,getSpeed,getBone,getOffsetTransform,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,computeEulerAngles,mergeLocal,getHeightfieldData,addNormal,clone,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,getRotation,Slice(C),contains,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,updateLength,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),setMotorEnabled,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,BodyFixture(C),read,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getRadius1,connectingJoint,dJointCreateBall,getMaximumRotation,getSurfaceTangentRotation,influenceParticle,getJoinedBodies,write,isCollisionEnabled,resetBodiesForceAndTorque,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,collideWithTriangle,isCollisionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,resetLimits,contains,read,last,ConstraintSolver(C),create,getTargetVertexIndex,getI,rotateAboutCenter,getFiniteRotationMode,getI,equals,BoxShape(C),updateParticleData,updateParticleData,updateParticleData,getInfo2,computeGlobalAxes,setNumAxes,setMaxMotorForce,setBody,dJointAddUniversalTorques,contains,clone,getAxes,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,read,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),getHeightfieldData,sphericalToCartesian,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),rotateAboutCenter,BIHTriangle(C),computeInitialRelativeRotation,setLength,toString,addTorques,FrictionJoint(C),addTorque,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,dJointAddPRTorque,addTorque,makeGeometry,dSolveLCP,DxStepperProcessingCallContext(C),SOR_LCP,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,Island(C),addHingeJoint,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),add,setFixedOrientation,clone,SetupInitialContext,clone,clone,read,onAction,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,addPerturbedContacts,getTangentialImpulse,DxWorld(C),setMaxAngularSpeed,setFrictionVector2,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,getRadius,getPointDepth,setParams,distance,deepClone,ccdCollide,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,getBody,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,_cldTestAxis,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,ContactManifold(C),CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,MakeMatrix,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,dJointSetDHingeAxis,rotate,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,dColliderFn,_cldInitCylinderBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,dGeomRaySet,compare,rotateAboutCenter,inverseRotateVect,write,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,write,add,read,Quaternion(C),read,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,fromAxes,lengthSquared,solvePositionConstraint,dVector3CrossMat3Col,initialize,computeInitialRelativeRotation,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dRfromQ,collideWith,dColliderFn,solve,dColliderFn,FixedJoint(C),dColliderFn,dLDLTAddTL,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dJointSetPistonAnchorOffset,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,render,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,toTransformMatrix,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,fromOpenGL,setArg,dJointSetFixed,dCollide,read,isAllowed,onPlay,VEC_SCALE,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,getInfo2,dColliderFn,dotColCol,dRemoveRowCol,set,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,dBoxBox,dotColCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRfromQ,positiveRank,dColliderFn,triangulate,getAnchor2,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,DVector3ColView(C),getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,isEmpty,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getInfo2,dCollideHeightfield,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),dCollideCylinderBox,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,createCopy,getNormal,run,dColliderFn,read,deepClone,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),HingeJointInfo(C),isOutside,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,setBody1,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),PairManager(C),update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,removeCollisionShape,collision,collision,SliderJointInfo(C),Impulse(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),mixFriction,JointInfo(C),calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,intersect,updateAABB,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,getInfo2,ThreadedProcessJobStart,addLimot,rotate,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,testCollision]},
bone:{[com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall], [getSpeed,getBone,updateGeometry,getBone,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,updateGeometry,controlRenderHardware,collideWith,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,writeConnections,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,intersectsSphere,SkeletonDebugger(C),getAngle,setFrustumPerspective,setRotation,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),write,interpolateTransforms,getWrapMode,read,getTriangleCount,emitParticles,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),doDisplayFrustumDebug,clearMaterialParameters,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,dPlaneSpace,lengthSquared,dRFrom2Axes,lengthSquare,getCollideBits,toAngleAxis,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dClipPolyToCircle,createVector2Buffer,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,setArg,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getWorldOffsetPosr,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,getMass,read,ccdGeomToSphere,isAllowed,onPlay,hertelMehlhorn,setAxes,fixRefreshFlags,toString,LightControl(C),applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,getDuration,cloneForSpatial,initEvent,setSpatial,hasChild,read,clearUpperTriangle,getInfo2,dJointGetPRPosition,addTorques,convertToHalf,getInfo2,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVolume,multAcross,dRSetIdentity,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,setFrictionVector2,setCamera,cloneForSpatial,ChaseCameraAppState(C),setScene,getVolume,zoomCamera,add,getRotationSpeed,write,updateInstances,getMinMax,computeVertices,intersectsSphere,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,intersectsWherePlane,renderProcessing,distanceSquared,write,write,intersectsSphere,fillFloatBuffer,getMaterial,readList,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,disableDebugShape,distanceSquared,intersectsSphere,getPage,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,renderShadowMap,read,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,distance,Triangle(C),deepClone,preFrame,isOnPlane,getLight,write,preFrame,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createCircle,getRadius,write,write,read,intersectsSphere,getDefinition,merge,setTexture,distance,getAnchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),isEmpty,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,computeAABB,allocatePlaneBuffer,DxRagdoll(C),render,setEnabled,setOwner,write,generateIrradianceMap,getSpeed,createSweptAABB,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,intersectWhere,dBodySetMass,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,initParticleData,initParticleData,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,computeClosestPoint,getInfo2,initParticleData,rotate,createMass,toString,setWarmStartDistance,getReactionForce,getSliceRadius,getReactionTorque,createMass,createMass,dJointCreateBall,createDBallJoint,_cldClipPolyToPlane,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,getInfo2,contains,getColor,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,dCollideCapsuleSphere,solveVelocityConstraint,getRadius,updateFilter,PinJoint(C),getMotorForce,setBody2,getRadius,distanceSquared,rotate,addFixture,equals,toString,dCollideCapsulePlane,setShaderFile,dWorldImpulseToForce,setFriction,initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,getMotorTorque,getRadius,getRadius,setSphereTotal,getOuterRadius,merge,getInvRadius,DVector3Tovec3f,getRandomPoint,getInnerRadius,getRadius2,IntersectSegmentPlane,setTransformRefresh,getMaximumTorque,getReactionTorque,getTransformMatrix,getMotorTorque,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,write,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,HingeJointInfo(C),getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,setSphere,setPostShadowParams,setCamera,MotionTrack(C),addTorques,project,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,getInfo2,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,computeBlendFactors,cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,visit,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,SetData,cloneForSpatial,convertElementMode,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,getReactionTorque,getFormatsForCaps,getAxes,initialize,setToleranceAngle,SnapshotJob(C),onGeometryUnassociated,removeProcessor,renderGeometry,OccludersExtractor(C),setWorldMatrix,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),updateLightListUniforms,filterLights,JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,distanceToCam,populateProbes,updateProbe,render,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,onMeshDrawn,buildShader,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,modifyTexture,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,Technique(C),ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,convexCast,reset,,render,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,addFaceCandidate,R,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setMassInverse,renderProcessing,_cldClipCylinderToBox,reloadMaterial,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dRemoveRowCol,run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,DxStepperProcessingCallContext(C),setEnabled,postFrame,computeBoundForPoints,computeFriction2Impulse,collide,init,testCollision,visit,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,add,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dBoxBox,Eigen3f(C),dColliderFn,ray_sphere_helper,isEq,lengthSquared,checkFactorization,DVector3ColView(C),filterLights,SliderJointInfo(C),MAT_DOT_VEC_3X3,CONSTRUCTPLANE,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,CONSTRUCTPLANE,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,computeLocalInertiaTensor,triangulate,getMass,dCollideCylinderBox,makeGeometry,getInfo2,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),createSky,cleanup,collide,collide2,solveVelocityConstraint,InstanceTypeKey(C),,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,duUpdateGeometryNormals,duUpdateGeometryVertices,getFrictionCoefficient,createMass,influenceParticle,isCollisionEnabled,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,getReactionTorque,solveVelocityContraints,setXParamFMax,updateLength,distanceToCam,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,isOutside,getBody2,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,getReactionTorque,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,FrictionJoint(C),BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,ThreadedProcessJobStart,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getFrictionVector2,triangulate,initialize,getGeometry,add,compare,equals,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,Quad(C),compare,gim_aabbset_sort,triangulate,Impulse(C),getNormalImpulse,JointInfo(C),getRadius,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,solve,addLimot,getInfo2,isCollisionEnabled,setMeshes,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,DESTRUCTOR,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,getRadius1,dColliderFn,addNormal,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getRadius,getEdgeTo,sphericalToCartesian,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getPrevious,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointsOfAandB,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),getTargetVertexIndex,getTangentialImpulse,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,lengthSquared,last,link,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,raycast,raycast,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,toString,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,collideWith,collideWith,mixFriction,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),getRadius,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,dCollideSpherePlane,testAndAddDiscContact,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,toString,addTorques,addTorque,addTorques,addTorque,collideWith,createCopy,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getNormal,run,hashCode,compare,setConvex,computeZFar,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxSphere(C),AABB(C),getRadius,WireSphere(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,calcScreenArea,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,intersect,getInfo2]},
friction:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable], [addLimot,DxJointSlider(C),getPenetrationImpulse,applyTorque,dJointSetPistonAxis,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,DxJointUniversal(C),dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,setRelativeValues,DxJointAMotor(C),DxJointPR(C),dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,getRotation,checkWorld,getAnchor1,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),addBody,removeAllJoints,setAutoDisableLinearThreshold,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,update,setOffsetRotation,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getRelativeRotation,remove,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,dJointCreatePlane2D,getRotation,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,setLimitEnabled,allow,getReactionForce,createCapsule,getQuaternion,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getFiniteRotationMode,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,m_stepperArena,collide,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,clearParam,isAllowed,run,read,setInBuffer,makeProbe,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),getVertexGlobal,dJointSetHingeAnchor,getInfo2,getInfo1,clone,DxJointDHinge(C),isOutside,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,SliderJoint(C),dotCol,INV_TRANSP_MAT_DOT_VEC_2X2,getMotorSpeed,Impulse(C),setLightListRefresh,getNormalImpulse,computeFrictionVectors,addContactInfo,getBody2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),generateNodeMainSection,SliderJointInfo(C),toString,dLDLTRemove,initialize,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,solve,getInfo2,mixFriction,equals,updateGeometry,collide,collide2,DxJointFixed(C),depthFirstTraversal,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),FixedJoint(C),updateUniform,onStop,HingeJointInfo(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,addPoint,asin,invoke,setAxisDelta,toTransformMatrix,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,cloneForSpatial,getRadius1,dMassSetParameters,Segment(C),create,getI,rotateAboutCenter,setCapsule,updateAABB,getRotation,updateShadowCams,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,setCol,contains,contains,makeGeometry,updateFilter,JointInfo(C),setVolume,setMaximumRotation,read,setInitialVelocity,influenceParticle,write,toString,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,solveVelocityContraints,scaleTextureCoordinates,dInvertMatrix3,getBone2,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,write,positiveRank,read,collideWithRay,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,dVector3CrossMat3Col,generate,gim_aabbset_box_collision,setConvex,getTriangle,getRotation,isEqualTo,getAxes,CylinderShape(C),getVolume,updateAABB,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,initEvent,onAction,addToRootBone,onAction,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,Cinematic(C),GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,computeLastDistance,checkCulling,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,computeAABB,buildCallback,inverseRotateVect,read,write,getTextureMode,write,read,createPolygonAtOrigin,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,swapProblem,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,setParams,distance,deepClone,run,generateParallel,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,clone,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),collideCylCyl,getRadius,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,collide,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,dColliderFn,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,dCollideCCTL,getNormal,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,run,hashCode,dMaxDifference,setMinMax,dMaxDifference,computeAABB,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,read,collideWithBoundingVolume,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,Spatial(C),getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),SinglePassLightingLogic(C),computeAABB,computeLastDistance,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onNewTexture,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,rotate,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,setTexture,read,_cldClipping,read,calcScreenArea,setCamera,setCamera,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),dCollideHeightfield,countConnections,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,render,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,createMass,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,updateLength,findBatchByMaterial,dCollideBoxPlane,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getVolume,collideWith,collideWith,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,render,checkCulling,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getOffsetTransform,update,update,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,intersectBrute,setTime,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setConvex,glBindTexture,testCollision,createSky,getTargetBoneIndex,onAnalog,duUpdateGeometryVertices,lengthSquared,dRFromZAxis,Quaternion(C),fromRotationMatrix,fromOpenGL,setArg,setValue,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,isZero,raycast,rotateAroundOrigin,write,read,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,set,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,updateInstance,addOccluders,computeZFar,compare,dColliderFn,intersect,read,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),dCollideCapsuleSphere,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),interpolatePath,notifyReshape,clone,read,cloneForSpatial,postFrame,write,write,set,postFrame,readList,read,getWrapMode,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,computeLastDistance,merge,read,read,createSimpleClone,rotateAxial,write,equals,read,setShadowCompareMode,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,testHardwareSupported,postFrame,getLight,postFrame,getCapsule,controlRender,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),getVolume,getRoots,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,convertToHalf,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,duUpdateGeometryNormals,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,decomposePolygon,duUpdateGeometryVertices,setFilterMode,reload,compare,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,countConnections,getInterBoneWires,setCamera,update,updateUniformBindings,dCollideSpherePlane,getShadowCamera,read,initialize,loadFpsText,distanceToCam,compare,modifyTexture,viewCol,dRemoveRowCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,TST2,viewCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dRfromQ,Rw,glActiveTexture,notifyParamChanged,triangulate,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,collideWith,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,makeCurrent,render,loadTexture,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadTexture,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,getType,clone,registerBinding,updateAverageLuminance,dColliderFn,addKeyFrameTransform,Rotation(C),onAction,setEnabled,LightList(C),controlUpdate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),getFormatsForCaps,dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,isVarying,init,MotionTrack(C),setImage,getPlaceholderImage,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),SkeletonPoints(C),rotate,visit,reset,,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,removeProcessor,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),setEnabled,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,DVector3ColView(C),SnapshotJob(C),cleanup,render,rotate]},
collect:{[org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor], [viewCol,dInvertMatrix3,dRemoveRowCol,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,dBoxBox,dVector3LengthSquare,Eigen3f(C),dColliderFn,ray_sphere_helper,viewCol,lengthSquared,dQFromAxisAndAngle,dCollideCylinderBox,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,dMakeRandomVector,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,dMakeRandomVector,set,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,setBox,setLighting,IntersectCapsuleTri,dCollideBTL,read,makeCurrent,equals,checkFactorization,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,Camera(C),equals,getMass,dCollideBTL,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,read,R,dQMultiply1,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,setOrientation,depthFirstTraversal,Rw,computeLocalInertiaTensor,inverse,sortPlanes,write,read,preloadScene,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,Technique(C),isEmpty,triangulate,write,getMass,updateUniformBindings,scaleTextureCoordinates,dJointGetUniversalAngle1Rate,createCapsule,SetupInitialContext,dColliderFn,read,read,write,DVector3ColView(C),getMass,getPointDepth,_cldInitCylinderBox,dJointAddSliderForce,dJointAddPistonForce,updateShaderUniforms,write,write,DxCylinder(C),setAxes,dJointGetPRPositionRate,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,write,read,read,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,generate,gim_aabbset_alloc,setConvex,setGeometry,dJointSetFixed,getAnchor1,destroy,read,setBody,getMass,write,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,setMassInverse,write,collideWith,write,setMaterial,addOccluders,computeZFar,postFrame,DxGimpact(C),clone,read,dColliderFn,initializeConstraints,write,solveVelocityConstraints,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Joints,run,dBodyGetMass,getShadowCamera,dColliderFn,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,GJKAlgorithm(C),makeCurrent,solvePositionContraints,getJointSpeed,dColliderFn,onStop,dColliderFn,render,setSourceParams,read,getUp,read,read,getVelocity,LightProbe(C),write,write,AmbientLight(C),write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getAnchor1,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,write,dCollideSpherePlane,dConnectingJointList,createMass,dColliderFn,warmstart,read,write,ChaseCameraAppState(C),addToRootBone,mapJoystick,setFriction,initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,initEvent,setupTextureSwizzle,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,ccdGeomToCap,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,DxAbstractHeightfield(C),BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,EPAAlgorithm(C),computeLocalInertiaTensor,dColliderFn,getAnchor1,initializeConstraints,toString,setConvex,getInfo2,read,read,updateGeometry,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,calcScreenArea,getPoint,setTransformRefresh,intersect,computeAABB,testCollision,penEPAPos,getBezierP1toP2Length,write,getType,dColliderFn,setVelocity,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,read,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,testAndAddDiscContact,collideWith,collideWith,DxHeightfieldData(C),DESTRUCTOR,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,generate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,updatePositions,read,write,clone,getJoints,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,resetLimits,resetLimits,rotateAboutCenter,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,computeEulerAngles,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,setJointsPositionCorrectionTechnique,BodyFixture(C),createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getAxes,getAxes,getEdgeTo,getConvexDecomposition,getPrevious,rotate,rotate,makeGeometry,createMass,dJointGetHinge2Angle2Rate,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,dJointSetDHingeAxis,Fixture(C),write,warmstart,write,getAxes,getRadius,contains,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,setGeometryData,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),updateGeometry,PQTorus(C),createMass,getRadius,setTextureMode,DxRagdollBody(C),Dome(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,compare,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,addPerturbedContacts,write,link,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getInfo2,setNumAxes,getBone2,getFlyByCamera,setShader,SkeletonWire(C),write,read,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getMass,SkeletonDebugger(C),setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,computeClosestPointOfObject,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),lengthSquared,createVector3Buffer,setArg,read,isAllowed,createCopy,getNormal,run,addKeyFrameTransform,isZero,raycast,read,write,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,computeClosestPointForSubset,read,read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,lengthSquared,rotate,getRotation,newBodiesIndexPair,setCamera,setCamera,render,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),setLength,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,DistanceJoint(C),addTorque,read,read,write,HingeJointInfo(C),getData,initParticleData,cleanup,createMass,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,Rotation(C),onAction,setFrictionVector2,influenceParticle,JointInfo(C),LightControl(C),write,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,getRadius,getInfo2,generateIrradianceMap,clear,setLowerLimit,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),read,initParticleData,setIsSolveFrictionAtContactManifoldCenterActive,initParticleData,SliderJointInfo(C),buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,loadMaterial,cloneFields,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,visit,read,controlUpdate,cloneForSpatial,loadMaterial,read,write,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,read,getTangentialImpulse,toString,extractIndirectLights,getInfo2,read,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryNormals,render,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,removeProcessor,Impulse(C),updateGeometry,createOffCamera,createSky,generateNodeMainSection,visit,solve,reloadMaterial,getPlaceholderMaterial,toString,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,read,generatePbrMaps,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),write,write,,read,read,write,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),read,getPassMaterial,CubeMapWrapper(C),BitmapTextPage(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,read,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,read,getColor,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,update,write,decompose,reset,,write,duUpdateGeometryVertices,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getMaterialParams,read,updateAverageLuminance,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,read,reload,compare,distanceToCam,compare,initialize,makeCurrent,init,getFrictionCoefficient,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setEnabled,read,mixFriction,write,write,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),cleanup,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),getFormatsForCaps,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),isOutside,write,read,write,write,readList,read,getCapsule,write,read,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,addLimot]},
heightfield:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor], [dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,createPistonJoint,buildCallback,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dCollideHeightfield,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,ccdGeomToCyl,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,dQuatInvTransform,setBody,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dInvertMatrix3,setDynamic,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceToEdge,dColliderFn,distanceSquaredTo,collideWith,collideWith,BAR2,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,setGeometry,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,scaleTextureCoordinates,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,DxGimpact(C),addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,setEulerReferenceVectors,getAnchor2,getModelBindInverseTransform,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,getRadius,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getRadius,testCollision,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,raycast,raycast,_cldTestAxis,notifyRemovedOverlappingPair,emitParticle,read,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,read,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,PointLight(C),deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getRadius,distanceSquared,collideWithVertex,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,coplanar_tri_tri,MakeMatrix,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,gim_merge_contacts,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,SetupInitialContext,Fixture(C),interpolatePath,getTransformMatrix,setLightListRefresh,getLocalBounds,setConvex,read,construct,collideWith,distanceToEdge,setTexture,getRotation,setConvex,getInfo2,getUp,dJointCreatePiston,read,depthFirstTraversal,glBindTexture,updateGeometry,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,addPerturbedContacts,createCopy,dColliderFn,getNormal,run,setInverseRotationRadians,getRotation,getAnchor,createMass,dMakeRandomVector,setMinMax,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,setTexture,visit,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),plusEq,createTriangulation,sphericalToCartesian,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createPolygonalSliceAtOrigin,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,Spatial(C),getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),toString,BIHTriangle(C),dCollideSpherePlane,dColliderFn,updateGeometry,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,onNewTexture,computeAABB,dColliderFn,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,dColliderFn,getBodyCount,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dCollideCapsulePlane,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,createVector3Buffer,getRadius,getVertices,getRotation,getRotation,getRotation,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,updateLength,getAnchor1,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,getRotation,duUpdateGeometryNormals,GJKAlgorithm(C),getYMonotonePolygons,dSolveLCP,JointInfo(C),setRotationDiscRadius,getUp,getRandomPoint,add,eqProd,ray_sphere_helper,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),updateListenerParam,read,read,getVelocity,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getAnchor1,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setMaxAngularSpeed,setAngularTarget,setLimitsEnabled,getLocalPointOnBody2,toString,toString,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),cloneForSpatial,dLDLTAddTL,distance,scaleMatrix,setSphere,getJointAngle,getTranslation,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,setRelativeValues,invoke,setAxisDelta,setRotation,HingeJoint(C),getAnchor1,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,computeGlobalAxes,setNumAxes,getAxes,getBone2,toString,addTorques,removeJointFromJointsList,addTorque,getFiniteRotationMode,addTorques,dJointSetPRAxis2,addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,LightList(C),dQSetIdentity,create,getI,getJoints,getRadius,setCylinder,getReceivers,duUpdateGeometryTextures,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),makeGeometry,getMaximumRotation,getSurfaceTangentRotation,write,read,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,setPrefilteredMap,ConstraintSolver(C),dJointSetHingeAxis,computeLastDistance,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,clone,computeLastDistance,getRoots,updateGeometry,dJointSetPUAnchorOffset,dJointGetDHingeAnchor1,notifyReshape,dJointSetPistonParam,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,clone,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getRotationColumn,computeAABB,getValueAsString,getInfo2,project,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,snapshot,getAxes,AXES(C),set,getRadius,testAndAddDiscContact,initialize,solvePositionConstraint,cloneForSpatial,setTime,intersect,setKeyframes,solve,vRotateCamera,updateInstances,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,postFrame,distanceSquared,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,postFrame,readList,read,distance,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,rotateAroundOrigin,merge,read,read,createSimpleClone,rotateCameraAligned,write,equals,read,setPostShadowParams,initEvent,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,testHardwareSupported,postFrame,getLight,clone,postFrame,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,merge,setTexture,project,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),setMaxVerticalRotation,addToRootBone,zoomCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,setScene,isEmpty,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,PQTorus(C),Dome(C),updateGeometry,getInnerRadius,setCamera,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,decompose,FixedJoint(C),getRotationAngleAxis,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),dJointSetTransmissionAxis,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,setGeometryData,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,dLDLTAddTL,lengthSquared,duUpdateGeometryTextures,setAngularDamping,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,calcScreenArea,onPlay,isZero,raycast,add,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,setEnabled,updateShadowCams,updateShadowCams,Impulse(C),controlUpdate,Island(C),modifyTexture,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,dQMultiply1,setOrientation,Rw,glActiveTexture,render,triangulate,updateUniformBindings,getInfo2,setAxes,SliderJointInfo(C),updatePositions,getRadius,clearValue,getRadius1,HingeJointInfo(C),render,loadModel,update,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadModel,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,addMaterialParamTexture,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,isVarying,init,getBody,setArg,dJointSetFixed,isAllowed,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),generateDeclarationAndMainBody,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),postQueue,updateAverageLuminance,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandBodiesStartA,ungroupSceneGraph,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,isOutside,addOccluders,MotionTrack(C),setImage,getPlaceholderModel,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,postFrame,update,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,reset,,addKeyFrameTransform,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,attachChild,compare,distanceToCam,setEnabled,registerBinding,updateProbe,setGeometryData,computeZFar,rotate,getRotationTransform,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,ConstraintSolverData(C),getRadius,SnapshotJob(C),removeProcessor,getFormatsForCaps,render,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,Rotation(C),onAction,createSky,visit,ThreadedProcessJobStart,render,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),cleanup,addLimot]},
arena:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState], [AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,run,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dLDLTRemove,run,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,setAxes,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),dJointGetPRPosition,dGeomGetCollideBits,DxJointFixed(C),getAnchor1,getInfo2,dJointCreatePlane2D,spaceCollide2,clone,isCollisionAllowed,getReactionForce,setAxisDelta,dJointSetPistonParam,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,getLimot1,setRelativeValues,getAngle,toString,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,addRelForceAtPos,setAnchor,isOutside,addLimot,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),removeAllJoints,getBody2,getJointSpeed,toString,update,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setPenetrationImpulse,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,isOnIsland,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getReactionTorque,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,toString,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getTorque,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),getNumAxes,read,isAllowed,run,trigger,createVector2Buffer,makeProbe,addBody,ThreadedProcessJobStart,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,solve,write,DxJointDHinge(C),toString,getInfo2,generateUniforms,SEGMENT_COLLISION,solveVelocityContraints,collide,collide2,computeFrictionVectors,setXParamFMax,getMotorSpeed,testCollision,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),dotCol,Impulse(C),getMotorSpeed,hasChild,getNormalImpulse,SliderJointInfo(C),BallAndSocketJoint(C),write,positiveRank,read,mergeLocal,dInvertMatrix3,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dCollideSpheres,generate,gim_aabbset_box_collision,CheckSATConvexFaces,getTriangle,swapProblem,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBones,dCollideCylinderBox,updateFrustumPoints2,dMassSetCapsule,onStop,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,maxDifference,modifyTexture,viewCol,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,dColliderFn,dRemoveRowCol,set,dQFromAxisAndAngle,makeCurrent,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,setFrustumPerspective,equals,TST2,setCylinder,viewCol,dColliderFn,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,toTransformMatrix,R,dRfromQ,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,setOrientation,oldClone,Rw,equals,lengthSquare,sortPlanes,setRotationQuaternion,lengthSquared,getCurrentCamera,glActiveTexture,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,dColliderFn,render,triangulate,write,getMass,updateUniformBindings,read,createPolygonalCapsule,ray_sphere_helper,JointInfo(C),setVolume,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,solve,addFaceCandidate,postFrame,postFrame,write,mixFriction,equals,updateGeometry,updateAABB,FixedJoint(C),initFrustumCam,_cldClipPolyToPlane,dColliderFn,setFilterMode,ConstraintSolverData(C),updateInstance,doBatch,getShadowCamera,DVector3ColView(C),getRadius,addOccluders,computeZFar,fromRotationMatrix,loadCapabilitiesGL2,write,lengthSquared,write,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,read,ccdCollide,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,getOffsetTransform,read,read,initEvent,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,ChaseCameraAppState(C),getWrapMode,getRadius,initParticleData,write,read,initParticleData,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getRadius,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,getSliceRadius,zoomCamera,getAxes,intersectsSphere,getRadius,HingeJointInfo(C),_cldClipCylinderToBox,dGeomTriMeshSetData,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setNumAxes,addTorques,addTorque,read,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,cloneFields,read,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),render,updateParticleData,write,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createNode,getRadius1,collideWith,render,writeConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),checkCulling,getShadowCam,doDisplayFrustumDebug,controlUpdate,getTangentialImpulse,setMaxAngularSpeed,updateFilter,setLeftPlane,setParams,generateIrradianceMap,contains,mergeLocal,updateLength,createMass,create,countConnections,dColliderFn,collide,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,computeClosestPointForSubset,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,getSpeed,getBone,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),gim_triangle_triangle_collision,read,SkeletonDebugger(C),clone,buildSurface,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),GetVertex,build,setToleranceAngle,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),read,render,BoxShape(C),getTargetVertexIndex,makeGeometry,last,onNewTexture,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,SpotLight(C),isEqualTo,setBounds,getEdgeTo,clone,CylinderShape(C),getPrevious,MotionTrack(C),getHeightfieldData,read,getFlyByCamera,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryTextures,decompose,duUpdateGeometryTextures,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,computeBlendFactors,loadFont,intersectsSphere,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,initEvent,visit,read,cloneForSpatial,write,CreateCatmullRomPath,loadFont,read,cloneForSpatial,link,dColliderFn,createCopy,dColliderFn,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,compare,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,collideWith,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),collideWithVertex,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),influenceParticle,write,read,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,solveVelocityContraints,setTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,read,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,intersectsBox,dColliderFn,initialize,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,removeProcessor,setEnableCurrentCam,isEqualTo,project,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,call,getAxes,AXES(C),CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,isOnPlane,write,isZero,raycast,read,read,collideWith,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,init,dColliderFn,render,render,getTransformMatrix,visit,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,reset,,read,deepClone,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),renderProcessing,read,InstanceTypeKey(C),requiresSceneAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,postFrame,createClone,,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,write,read,read,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),distanceToCam,populateProbes,triangulate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setImage,getPlaceholderModel,clone,dColliderFn,getRandomPoint,calcScreenArea,reloadMaterial,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,read,compare,getRadius,renderProcessing,getRadius,getOuterRadius,getInnerRadius,getRadius2,getRadius,distanceToCam,read,dCollideCapsuleSphere,dCollideCapsulePlane,initEvent,read,write,write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,write,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,read,merge,write,,read,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setCamera,testAndAddDiscContact,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),createSky,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getRadius,getFormatsForCaps,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,createDebugSphere,setConvex,collideWith,collideWith,intersect,computeAABB,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,testCollision,fromBoundingSphere,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,update,cleanup,dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,initialize,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,filterLights,setEnabled]},
delta:{[org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Line,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.light.Light,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue], [initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),initializeConstraints,setLimitsEnabled,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,setLimitEnabled,getJointSpeed,setLength,setLimitsEnabled,updateGeometry,isConnected,DistanceJoint(C),getJointAngle,getRelativeRotation,initialize,solve,destroyRigidBody,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getMaterial,ConstraintSolver(C),toString,addTorques,getLimot2,getMaterial,addTorque,Joint(C),setNumAxes,setQuaternion,addTorques,DxJointPR(C),addTorque,PointLightShadowFilter(C),setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,getSimplex,getInfo2,sphericalToCartesian,invoke,setAxisDelta,invert,dIsPositiveDefinite,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,updateFilter,setTexture,dxStepIsland_Stage1,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,setAutoDisableDefaults,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,getTranslation,HingeJoint(C),getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,mixFriction,getFixture1,equals,toString,create,FixedJoint(C),DxJointAMotor(C),Island(C),getMaximumRotation,read,clone,influenceParticle,write,Joint(C),toString,influenceParticle,read,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,setVolume,solveVelocityContraints,getAxes,getTangentialImpulse,dxFreeTemporaryWorldProcessMemArena,setMaxAngularSpeed,toString,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,write,rotate,dMassSetParameters,Segment(C),getI,getBones,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,createCapsule,updateAABB,contains,setMaterialParameters,makeGeometry,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getInfo2,dJointCreatePlane2D,scaleTextureCoordinates,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,dInvertMatrix3,getBone2,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),Impulse(C),setMaterial,dotCol,m_stepperArena,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,detect,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),RestoreSavedMemArenaStateForStepper,SliderJointInfo(C),getQuaternion,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,getInfo1,setRelativeValues,HingeJointInfo(C),WarmStartingContactManager(C),getRadius1,getInfo2,ConstraintSolverData(C),initEvent,initialize,addToRootBone,rotateCamera,initEvent,read,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,getAxes,rotate,isEqualTo,getAxes,addLimot,getVolume,DxJointFixed(C),getVertexGlobal,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getInfo2,CylinderShape(C),ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,done,getBody2,matrixInvert,getBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeNarrowPhase,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,allocateTemporary,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,getAnchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),contentEquals,isAllowed,run,read,setInBuffer,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),CapsuleShape(C),isEqualTo,updateCamera,addFixture,copy,removeFixture,onStop,setMaterialParameters,isOutside,onPause,generateUniforms,initParticleData,collideWithRay,getRadius,DxCylinder(C),getRadius,getType,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,setParams,read,distance,deepClone,run,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,read,getRadius,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,getScreenCoordinates,AABB(C),createPolygonAtOrigin,read,write,collideCylCyl,getRadius,getTextureMode,write,fromBoundingSphere,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,buildAnimation,setMaterialParameters,_CalculateAxis,clone,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,getAxes,getInfo2,countConnections,EmitterPointShape(C),computeClosestPoint,getInfo2,clone,render,_cldClipping,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,computeAABB,setHeightfieldData,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,buildCallback,dGeomRaySet,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,calcScreenArea,isZero,raycast,read,write,orthogonalLineFit,add,read,getMatrix,read,getAngleBetween,getVolume,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,read,Quaternion(C),lengthSquared,dVector3Cross,fixRefreshFlags,rotate,lerp,Light(C),ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),run,Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,initParticleData,set,getParent,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,collide,collide2,initParticleData,countConnections,SkeletonPoints(C),setCamera,setCamera,dPrintMatrix,setMinMax,dMakeRandomMatrix,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,collideWithBoundingVolume,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),CollisionResult(C),plusEq,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,FetchTriangleCount,setMaterial,call,compare,contains,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),gim_aabbset_update,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,dColliderFn,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,dCollideCCTL,getNormal,run,hashCode,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,setMaterial,dColliderFn,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,dCollideCapsulePlane,iterator,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,SupportIndex,collideWith,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,render,intersect,setLeftPlane,read,GETCOL,GETCOL,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,rotate,setTexture,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,collide,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,testCollision,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),makeCurrent,addPerturbedContacts,cleanup,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),updateFrustumPoints2,attachChild,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getConvexDecomposition,getPrevious,dRFrom2Axes,BAR2,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,dRSetIdentity,onAction,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),onNewTexture,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,extractIndirectLights,getAxis,detect,setNumAxes,getAxes,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,dColliderFn,makeCurrent,solve1,setConvex,glDeleteShader,computeAABB,updateInstances,collideWith,createSky,cleanProbes,penEPAPos,generateIrradianceMap,write,setCamera,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,read,clone,getColor,read,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,dCollideCapsuleSphere,cloneForSpatial,DirectionalLight(C),AmbientLight(C),LightProbe(C),dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryVertices,read,cloneForSpatial,renderFilterChain,write,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,getMaterial,readList,read,EmitterBoxShape(C),getWrapMode,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,CreateCatmullRomPath,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,postQueue,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,switchToSoftware,getMaterial,getLight,PssmShadowFilter(C),getCapsule,controlRender,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),cloneForSpatial,read,getVolume,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getRoots,getTargetBoneIndex,Fixture(C),setCamera,LightControl(C),setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,getType,clone,add,isEq,DVector3ColView(C),getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,setForcedMaterial,dColliderFn,setEnabled,doubleSize,compare,fromOpenGL,setArg,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,isAllowed,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getGeometry,ungroupSceneGraph,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,decomposePolygon,duUpdateGeometryVertices,postFrame,reload,compare,getInterBoneWires,JointInfo(C),distanceToCam,compare,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,visit,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,initialize,toString,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,process,computeZFar,SnapshotJob(C),attachScene,dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,registerBinding,dLDLTAddTL,Eigen3f(C),getFormatsForCaps,createLumShader,cleanup,Technique(C),makeCurrent,BasicShadowRenderer(C),visit,glActiveTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,setLighting,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,triangulate,getPassMaterial,reset,,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,init,setEnabled,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,]},
emitter:{[com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollJointConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollJointConfig,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DWorldStepMemoryFunctionsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage3CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.BlockPointer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxQuickStepperStage1CallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DHeightfieldData,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CoefficientMixer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.material.Technique,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.input.event.TouchEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Timer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.input.event.MouseMotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTiming,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.state.RootNodeAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.post.Pass,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLFbo,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext], [updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,updateParticleData,cloneForSpatial,updateParticleData,setFacingVelocity,toRotationMatrix,toRotationMatrix,setClipPlane,setRotation,getSpeed,getBone,updateGeometry,getBone,write,updateGeometry,switchToSoftware,createCollisionData,write,DxRagdollJointConfig(C),getJoints,updateGeometry,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,LightProbe(C),SkeletonDebugger(C),computeGlobalAxes,createMass,collide,Quaternion(C),dRFromZAxis,setMaterial,dCROSS,lengthSquared,write,setBody,getBody,fromOpenGL,dVector3Cross,createVector3Buffer,dClearUpperTriangle,setArg,fromTransformMatrix,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dGeomSetPosition,dClearUpperTriangle,getNumJoints,read,ccdGeomToCyl,isAllowed,onPlay,getConvexDecomposition,read,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,fixRefreshFlags,computeLocalInertiaTensor,destroy,getRandomPointAndNormal,getWrapMode,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),createMass,createMass,updateLength,createMass,VEC_SCALE,gim_trimesh_update_vertices,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,from,getInfo2,createMass,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setNumAxes,connectingJoint,getAxes,rotate,initialize,getAxes,AXES(C),fillFloatBuffer,addKeyFrameRotationAngles,dCollideCapsulePlane,newBodiesIndexPair,zoomCamera,updateCamera,ChaseCameraAppState(C),getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,lerp,distanceSquared,createPolygonalCapsule,addTorque,getVelocity,dRFromAxisAndAngle,Rotation(C),onAction,getClosestCollision,getLocalPointOnBody2,dColliderFn,EPAAlgorithm(C),read,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,getType,deepClone,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),duUpdateGeometryNormals,_cldClipping,dColliderFn,AllocateArrayDxBody,ReallocateStepperMemArenas,Initialize,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,run,dEFFICIENT_PTR,dxStepperStage1CallContext(C),dLDLTRemove,run,DxWorld(C),Initialize,BlockPointer(C),Initialize,m_islandJointsCount,clear,getInfo1,dJointGetSliderPosition,getInfo1,Light(C),setMaterial,intersectBrute,setMaterial,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,createMass,getRestitutionVelocity,getJointSpeed,setLowerLimit,createMass,DxHeightfieldData(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,DESTRUCTOR,setHeightfieldData,buildCallback,setToleranceAngle,computeLocalInertiaTensor,buildSurface,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,calcTexArea,computeClosestPoint,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,computeClosestPointForSubset,getNumFaces,Triangle(C),getJointSpeed,addTorques,Fixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,computeFromPoints,distanceToEdge,render,getTargetVertexIndex,setShader,LightControl(C),setVelocity,link,_CalculateAxis,last,onShaderUse,VEC_INV_LENGTH_2,createMass,clearMaterialParameters,clearMaterialParameters,clearMaterialParameters,getInfo2,dCollideHeightfield,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dCollideRayBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dBodyCreate,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,MakeMatrix,computeAABB,doubleSize,raycast,raycast,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateShaderUniforms,distanceSquared,construct,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),CollisionResult(C),setCol,createTriangulation,getBezierP1toP2Length,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,getMaterial,compare,TriangleData(C),BIHTriangle(C),gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,dCollideBoxPlane,compare,dColliderFn,dCollideRayPlane,dCollideCylinderPlane,compare,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,SupportIndex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,gim_aabbset_update,distanceSquaredTo,collideWith,collideWith,updateSleepingBodies,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,setSourceParams,generateIrradianceMap,getRandomPoint,dCollideSpherePlane,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,solveVelocityConstraints,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getAnchor2,getVelocityVariation,convertToHalf,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,StripBox(C),getRotation,setConvex,dConnectingJointList,glDeleteShader,getRadius2,isVelocityFromTranslation,read,getVelocity,GJKAlgorithm(C),cloneForSpatial,initEvent,setSpatial,cloneFields,clone,getDuration,getAngularSpeed,dMassSetCylinder,computeAABB,getRadius,getRadius,setCylinder,getOuterRadius,getInnerRadius,setForcedMaterial,Body(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getTextureMode,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,swapProblem,swap,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,distanceSquared,write,write,getMaterial,readList,read,distance,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),write,DirectionalLight(C),getPage,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setMatParams,read,createSimpleClone,orthogonalLineFit,getMaterial,getLight,clone,PssmShadowFilter(C),getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,merge,contentEquals,project,updateTargetDistance,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),setEnableCurrentCam,isEmpty,setCamera,isEmpty,applyVelocityVariation,setAngularDamping,setTransformRefresh,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,decompose,solveVelocityConstraint,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,mixFriction,ContactConstraint(C),equals,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getFlyByCamera,JointInfo(C),dJointSetDHingeAxis,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),setEnabled,PointLightShadowFilter(C),getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,deleteShaderSource,viewCol,dRemoveRowCol,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),equals,Matrix2x2(C),setJ1aCrossMatrix,equals,TST2,viewCol,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,R,Rw,Eigen3f(C),set,glGetShader,Technique(C),triangulate,getMass,updateUniformBindings,getSpeed,duUpdateGeometryNormals,MotionTrack(C),solveVelocityConstraint,MotorJoint(C),getAnchor1,testAndAddDiscContact,updateShadowCamera,lengthSquared,computeAABB,setMotorSpeed,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Joints,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,cleanup,loadMaterial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,AmbientLight(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,loadMaterial,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,getAnchor1,collideWith,removeJointFromJointsList,computeAABB,getShaderParamDefineId,intersect,initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,solvePositionContraints,initBeforeSolve,getColor,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,update,BitmapTextPage(C),solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),cleanProbes,SnapshotJob(C),addToInstancedGeometry,removeProcessor,OccludersExtractor(C),getFormatsForCaps,setAxes,HingeJointInfo(C),isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,create,createSky,setCamera,setCamera,setMatParams,setGeometryData,setLength,toString,addTorques,addTorque,setLimitsEnabled,addTorques,DistanceJoint(C),addTorque,calcScreenArea,getTangentialImpulse,toString,render,setDeltaScaleSpan,getDeltaTime,createNurbMesh,update,prepareNurbsKnots,invokeUpdateActions,getDeltaWheel,invoke,setAxisDelta,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),visit,updatePositions,triangulate,updateProbe,getRadius,reloadMaterial,cleanup,createLumShader,getPlaceholderMaterial,updateGeometry,getInfo2,getInfo2,getPassMaterial,getRadius,setParams,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setMode,AABB(C),getRadius,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,postQueue,distanceToCam,compare,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,reload,compare,setEnabled,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,,createSimpleClone,generateIrradianceMap,glFramebufferTexture2DEXT,LastTextureState(C),CubeMapWrapper(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,setTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,Impulse(C),solve,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,initialize,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),reset,,computeZFar,getMaterialParams,addLimot,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetJointsArrayP,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,collide,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,isVarying,init,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,checkMotionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,SliderJointInfo(C),makeGeometry,isOutside,DVector3ColView(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C)]}
}
