{
body:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData], [dJointSetSliderAxis,removeAllJoints,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,update,dGeomGetCollideBits,addRelForceAtPos,getReactionForce,setBody2,getReactionForce,setGravity,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,setMode,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,isOnIsland,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,dJointCreateTransmission,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),dJointSetPRAxis2,isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,addBody,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,anchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,getJointAngle,allow,getReactionForce,createPlane,getQuaternion,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getFiniteRotationMode,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,read,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,trigger,inverse,normalizeVector3,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),write,DxJointTransmission(C),getLimot2,isOutside,dJointSetPistonAxis,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,setAxis,getInfo1,testCollision,toString,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorSpeed,solvePositionConstraint,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,getMotorSpeed,getTriangleCount,toString,Triangle(C),getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),SliderJointInfo(C),generateNodeMainSection,getInfo2,initialize,collide,collide2,solve,updateGeometry,addFaceCandidate,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,getTriangleCount,ConstraintSolverData(C),JointInfo(C),getLocation,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,addLimot,collide,setTranslation,clearUpperTriangle,setAnchor,clone,DxJointFixed(C),toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,isCollisionEnabled,solvePositionConstraint,onStop,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,setDirection,create,setMaximumRotation,getSurfaceTangentRotation,setMeshType,setOrigin,read,getPosition,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,calculateEigen,dBoxTouchesBox,computeFromTris,gim_aabbset_sort,setConvex,dMassSetCapsule,getVertices,getC,getRadius,setBox,updateAABB,contains,mult,dInvertMatrix3,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),AnimationEvent(C),setMaxVerticalRotation,getSpeed,setUpVector,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,contains,Ellipse(C),getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),onStop,setAxis2,loadGuiFont,checkMotionAllowed,getPosition,isPointInTriangle,getRotation,gim_merge_contacts,updateFilter,dotRow,dColliderFn,distance,dColliderFn,computeAABB,pos,dMultiply1,viewCol,pos,BAR2,eqProd,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,_cldClipCylinderToBox,validate,getDownRotateOnCloseViewOnly,getAngleBetween,rotate,rotateCameraAligned,addFixture,equals,getRadius,getRotationTransform,dot,getNegativeEnd,write,toVector3f,buildSurface,getSolidAngleAndVector,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,interpolatePath,getRandomPointAndNormal,computeLastDistance,getRandomPointAndNormal,CylinderShape(C),isEqualTo,testCollision,setSpatial,write,getTriangleIndex,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,collideWith,testCollision,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,gim_trimesh_get_triangle_count,addKeyFrameTranslation,Line(C),clone,degenPrologue,raycast,raycast,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,initParticleData,setArg,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,processTriangles,createTriangle,computeLastDistance,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),getTriangulation,interpolateCatmullRom,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,TransformVector3,doubleSize,multLocal,allocateTriangleBuffer,dMultiply1,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,getFarthestFeature,isEqualTo,doCopyBuffer,contains,cloneForSpatial,dRFrom2Axes,getTriangleCount,transformInverseVector,setLighting,setFrame,getCurrentCamera,updateUniformBindings,makeCurrent,computeFromTris,_cldClipPolyToPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,collideWith,get3,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,add,rotateAroundOrigin,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,getRandomPoint,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dQMultiply1,setOrientation,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,triangulate,cloneFields,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,ccdGeomToObj,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,updateGeometry,distance,getRandomPointAndNormal,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,dGeomSpherePointDepth,BoundingSphereDebug(C),DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,updateGeometry,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,updateGeometry,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,updatePositions,getDirection,isRequiresDepthTexture,getWorldBindPosition,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,translate,setMatParams,getPosition,read,computeLastDistance,cloneForSpatial,updateFrustumPoints2,DirectionalLight(C),clone,collideWith,AmbientLight(C),dColliderFn,dGeomRaySet,setJ1aCrossMatrix,dCreatePlane,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,deserialize,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),read,makeGeometry,render,dColliderFn,clearValue,attachChild,dCollideCapsuleSphere,doDisplayFrustumDebug,dColliderFn,PssmShadowRenderer(C),dCollideCCTL,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,Box(C),dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,cleanup,render,getValueAsString,getCursorPosition,dCollideCapsulePlane,intersectWhere,addOccluders,computeZFar,findMinMax,decompose,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getCenter,intersectWherePlanar,Pose(C),getControlPoints,setB,whichSide,getStart,cloneForSpatial,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,read,BitmapFont(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setSpatial,getTranslations,getTranslations,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),makeCurrent,addMaterialParamTexture,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),getShadowCam,equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,loadFont,reload,createClone,init,,loadFont,isVarying,init,detachChildAt,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,toString,convertElementMode,getGeometry,add,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,reshape,extractIndirectLights,onMeshDrawn,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),setCamera,isAllowed,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,setWidth,getPlaceholderImage,getPoints,clone,distanceToCam2,collide,reset,,getScenes,visit,setCamera,setCamera,makeCurrent,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,onAction,write,,read,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,Rotation(C),compare,setEnabled,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,link,updateParticleData,dColliderFn,getTargetVertexIndex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,updateProbe,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,compare,cleanProbes,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,spatialTolight,createCopy,getNormal,run,interpolateNurbs,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,setConvex,createSky,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,calcScreenArea,last,getFormatsForCaps,VertexInfo(C),BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),setEnabled,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,BIHTriangle(C),TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,collideWith]},
vector3f:{[com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD], [mapJoystick,write,generate,fromTransformMatrix,getDirection,asin,duplicateCubeMap,Spatial(C),deepClone,postFrame,scaleMatrix,displayShadowMap,write,CompactVector3Array(C),read,getModelBindInverseTransform,needsDirection,write,collideWith,deepClone,deepClone,write,snapshot,equals,WireFrustum(C),clone,clone,CreateCatmullRomPath,write,createCatmullRomMesh,write,duUpdateGeometryNormals,createVector3Buffer,setInverseRotationRadians,set,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,intersectsBox,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,random,read,collideWith,visit,doBatch,Listener(C),write,addKeyFrameTransform,setGenerationParam,setTexture,write,LightProbe(C),setRotationSensitivity,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,collideWith,read,onFrustumChange,getRadius,SpotLight(C),getVolume,clone,intersect,deepClone,fixRefreshFlags,BIHTriangle(C),intersectsSphere,computeLastDistance,dJointGetHinge2Axis1,DESTRUCTOR,AbstractShape(C),setEulerReferenceVectors,read,VertexInfo(C),write,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,influenceParticle,updateFilter,checkCulling,updateShadowCams,getMaxVerticalRotation,update,dMultiply0_133,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,getAngleBetween,collideWithBoundingVolume,validateInputData,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),clearSetByCurrentMaterial,onPlay,distanceToCam,write,cloneFields,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCursorPosition,buildMatCache,set,write,initParticleData,duUpdateGeometryIndices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,controlUpdate,updatePositions,distanceToCam,checkCulling,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,add,onAction,loadCapabilitiesGL2,render,render,read,write,read,read,write,render,read,render,render,createSky,getMaterial,getMaximumRotation,getSurfaceTangentRotation,isConnected,Joint(C),update,applySplitImpulse,Joint(C),solveVelocityContraints,initBeforeSolve,setArg,solvePositionConstraints,getRotation,setAxis,setAxis2,contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setAxis,spaceCollide2,getAxes,Ellipse(C),getAxes,getRotation,AXES(C),subtract,isZero,raycast,clone,getSimplex,clone,add,getMagnitudeSquared,distance,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,clone,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,distance,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,minkowskiSum,CheckEdgeIntersection,getRotation,getRadius,getRotation,getRadius,read,oldClone,updateLength,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,collide,getC,create,getC,getJoints,getRadius,getTorque,setBox,equals,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,dJointSetTransmissionAnchor1,cloneForSpatial,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,run,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),dRFromZAxis,getCollideBits,getBody,fromOpenGL,dCollideSpheres,dClearUpperTriangle,dJointSetFixed,dGeomGetCollideBits,dClearUpperTriangle,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,getAngularTranslation,getPosition,last,onShaderUse,_cldInitCylinderBox,dotRow,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dBoxBox,pos,dMultiply1,viewCol,pos,done,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,ConstraintSolverData(C),EDGE_EDGE_TEST,setLightListRefresh,getJointAngle,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,createTriangulation,call,sortPlanes,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,OUTER_PRODUCT_3X3,update,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRotation,getTangentialImpulse,solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setGravity,getAngularError,solveVelocityConstraints,getBody2,getLocalPointOnBody2,getAnchor2,initializeConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,setEnabled,read,bindCamera,renderGeometryList,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,initBeforeSolve,getAnchor1,getJointAngle,findTargets,write,BodyFixture(C),getInfo2,dConnectingJointList,decompose,setAxis2,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,cloneForSpatial,generatePbrMaps,computeInitialRelativeRotation,computeInitialRelativeRotation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getPrevious,DVector3Tovec3f,LightList(C),CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,computeInitialRelativeRotation,dJointSetDHingeAxis,ccdCollide,getBones,getAxis2,addRelForceAtPos,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,renderProcessing,write,,read,getMaterial,loadMaterial,createSimpleClone,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,loadMaterial,getMaterial,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,getPassMaterial,write,glGetShader,BitmapTextPage(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,glDeleteShader,read,renderProcessing,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,WarmStartingContactManager(C),initBeforeSolve,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,dVectorScale,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,raycast,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,read,getColor,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,update,cloneForSpatial,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setConvex,computeAABB,getRadius,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,read,write,AnimationEvent(C),isEmpty,getSpeed,dRfromQ,Rotation(C),getSpeed,getFixture1,solve,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,triangulate,cloneFields,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,addContactInfo,dColliderFn,getPoint,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,calcScreenArea,fromBoundingSphere,initBeforeSolve,dColliderFn,computeInitialRelativeRotation,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getInfo2,initialize,setJ2aNegated,buildShader,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,getVertexUniforms,read,Technique(C),ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,swap,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,read,dColliderFn,getInfo2,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,setCamera,update,Impulse(C),write,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),populateProbes,dCollideCapsuleSphere,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,setTransformRefresh,dColliderFn,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,BoxShape(C),set,dCollideSpherePlane,dColliderFn,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,addToInstancedGeometry,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),init,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),reset,,collideWith,SliderJointInfo(C),testCollision,raycast,raycast,HingeJointInfo(C),computeZFar,visit,addLimot,ThreadedProcessJobStart,removeNoCollisionPair,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,getInfo2,dColliderFn,filterLights,isCollisionEnabled,getBodies,testCollision,dColliderFn,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),compare,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,removePair,updateObject,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,getBody2,setBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),collide,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collide,collide2,isOutside,updateParticleData,JointInfo(C),removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,reloadMaterial,initialize,createCopy,getNormal,run,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn]},
vector3:{[org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil], [getRadius1,_cldInitCylinderBox,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setMovedCallback,setLengths,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,dMassSetCapsule,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,SetupInitialContext,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,computeInitialRelativeRotation,spaceCollide2,setAnchor,dColliderFn,dInvertMatrix3,updateParticleData,from,DxJointUniversal(C),setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,R,setSphereTotal,dGetEulerAngleFromRot,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,reTranspose,getNormal,getCollideBits,dColliderFn,DxWorld(C),setParams,clone,setMaxAngularSpeed,deserialize,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,computeInitialRelativeRotation,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dLDLTAddTL,DxHeightfieldData(C),TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,DVector3ColView(C),anchor1,PssmShadowFilter(C),equals,makeGeometry,Rw,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,dColliderFn,getMass,ccdVec3Normalize,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,dJointSetPistonAxis,getInfo2,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,dJointGetDHingeAxis,dJointSetHingeAnchorDelta,setMode,dColliderFn,CheckEdgeIntersection,DxSphere(C),setMotorSpeed,normalizeVector3,dRFromEulerAngles,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,ccdCollide,isEnabledAndDynamic,dConnectingJointList,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),clone,addRelForceAtPos,collide,getTranslations,getTranslations,addLimot,getWrapMode,setAxis,angleRotation,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,sortPlanes,dFactorCholesky,createDebugSphere,addUniversalJoint,fromBoundingSphere,getRadius,getRandomPointAndNormal,loadCapabilitiesGL2,Box(C),dQMultiply1,getEigenVector,mergeLocal,gim_aabbset_alloc,getRadius,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,dColliderFn,getCenter,StripBox(C),dColliderFn,Cylinder(C),setTextureMode,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,contains,getAxis,detect,getAxes,Ellipse(C),getAxes,HalfEllipse(C),AXES(C),PulleyJoint(C),toString,isOnIsland,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,initializeConstraints,initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),Joint(C),setLimitsEnabled,DistanceJoint(C),dColliderFn,ConstraintSolver(C),createJoint,getMaximumRotation,getSurfaceTangentRotation,clone,setOrigin,Joint(C),warmStart,read,getPosition,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,setMotorSpeed,AssignIslandSelection,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,Island(C),removeAllJoints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,add,create,getTangentialImpulse,getRelativeRotation,addContactPoint,getPenetrationImpulse,setMotorSpeed,toString,setMotorSpeed,initEvent,write,toVector3f,buildSurface,setParam,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,contains,getRadius,updateAABB,getAxes,BodyFixture(C),SEGMENT_COLLISION,rotateAroundOrigin,getCursorPosition,sphericalToCartesian,interpolatePath,setMatParams,setPostShadowMaterial,set,setMotorSpeed,getPoint,updateShadowCamera,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),rotateCamera,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,zoomCamera,getAngleBetween,rotate,BillboardControl(C),getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,AbstractShape(C),getRotation,dot,getNegativeEnd,contains,getInfo2,initEvent,getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,simplexToPolytope2,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,enqueueCinematicEvent,intersectWhere,setConvex,lookAt,contains,whichSide,unassociateFromGroupNode,getRelativeRotation,updateGeometry,Line(C),Triangle(C),generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,updateListenerParam,getRotation,read,mergeLocal,getPosition,detect,detect,initialize,solve,loadGuiFont,getInfo2,mult,write,lookAt,getTriangle,checkMotionAllowed,isPointInTriangle,intersectsSphere,onStop,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,processTriangles,createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,isEqualTo,getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),getConvexDecomposition,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,read,multLocal,BallAndSocketJoint(C),BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,DirectionalLight(C),clone,getTriangle,AmbientLight(C),setRotation,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,RAY_TRIANGLE_INTERSECTION,FixedJoint(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),read,contains,translate,getAxes,setArg,intersectWherePlanar,CollisionBody(C),getBodies,testCollision,dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,add,getRotationAngleAxis,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,deepClone,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,getPosition,renderGeometry,doTransforms,fromOpenGL,dJointSetFixed,read,isAllowed,setGeometry,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,removeNoCollisionPair,dGeomTriMeshSetData,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,addObject,removePair,updateObject,AnimationFactory(C),GJKAlgorithm(C),dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,EmitterSphereShape(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,getOffsetTransform,updateParticleData,set,init,doDisplayFrustumDebug,doDisplayFrustumDebug,collideWith,get3,getBody2,setBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,trigger,generateNodeMainSection,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,render,write,duUpdateGeometryNormals,JointInfo(C),render,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collide,collide2,random,switchToSoftware,write,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,write,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,Impulse(C),Triangle(C),render,dColliderFn,collideWith,dColliderFn,update,cloneForSpatial,read,read,computeBlendFactors,loadFont,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,setSpatial,loadFont,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),decompose,dColliderFn,makeCurrent,Pose(C),getControlPoints,setB,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,setEnabled,read,BasicShadowRenderer(C),removeObject,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,isOutside,calcScreenArea,swap,initEvent,read,renderFilterChain,write,setDepthTexture,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),BitmapFont(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,postQueue,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,read,read,prefilterEnvMapTexel,interpolateNurbs,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,VertexInfo(C),getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,findMinMax,deleteShaderSource,updateUniformBindings,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,last,getData,setShaderFile,write,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),updateLightListUniforms,filterLights,JobListener(C),makeCurrent,populateProbes,dColliderFn,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,done,getTransformMatrix,visit,addPerturbedContacts,ThreadedProcessJobStart,dCollideCapsuleSphere,run,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,read,createCopy,getNormal,run,filterLights,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,reloadMaterial,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),init,getPixel,BitmapTextPage(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,setTexture,initialize,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distanceToCam2,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,BIHTriangle(C),reset,,addMaterialParamTexture,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),render,MaterialKey(C),render,postQueue,reload,createClone,,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),makeCurrent,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,TriangleData(C),compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolverData(C),HingeJointInfo(C),SliderJointInfo(C),createSky,onAction,init,computeZFar]},
capsule:{[com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,VarType(C),com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel], [getVolume,dGeomTriMeshSetData,allocatePlaneBuffer,convertToHalf,setLeftPlane,getCenter,getRandomPointAndNormal,random,intersectsSphere,getPosition,CompactVector3Array(C),getUpVector,swap,createBox,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,mult,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,dot,deepClone,getWrapMode,fromAxes,clone,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),disableDebugShape,cross,fromFrame,Spline(C),getPage,read,toVector3f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,setEdgeFilteringMode,setDirection,AnimationEvent(C),updateWorldBound,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,getTranslations,getRandomPoint,switchToSoftware,getMaterial,getTranslations,getLight,write,PssmShadowFilter(C),getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createRightTriangle,write,write,Pose(C),read,collideWithRay,getDefinition,merge,setMaterial,rotateScreenAligned,contentEquals,angleBetween,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),setEnableCurrentCam,isEmpty,getAxes,computeAABB,updateGeometry,createPlane,rotate,setGeometryData,collideWith,write,IntersectSegmentPlane,computeVertices,intersectsWherePlane,getNegativeEnd,getOffsetTransform,SpotLight(C),setB,whichSide,Line(C),get3,clone,ccdCollide,getDuration,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,setOrigin,getInitialVelocity,setTextureMode,dMassSetTrimesh,setCamera,intersectsBox,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),setDirection,onPlay,getSpeed,dGeomSetPosition,setAsleep,TransformVector3,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,setEnabled,LightList(C),clearMaterialParameters,clearMaterialParameters,clearMaterialParameters,transformInverseVector,setUpVector,dCollideCapsulePlane,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,subEq,dJointSetTransmissionAnchor1,rotate,clone,getAxes,getHeight,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,linkVertices,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,rotateAboutCenter,getAxes,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,setPlaneState,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,getBody,rotate,clone,clone,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,collideCylCyl,addFixture,ChaseCameraAppState(C),removeFixture,cloneFields,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,gim_aabbset_box_collision,getSurfaceTangentRotation,updatePositions,setMaterial,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,getTriangle,controlUpdate,dJointCreateBall,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,getColor,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,setPoi,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,penEPAPos,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,rotate,rotate,dGeomRaySet,rotate,dColliderFn,getMaxAngularSpeed,dColliderFn,addHingeJoint,dColliderFn,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getTriangulation,interpolateCatmullRom,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,dColliderFn,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,viewCol,dVectorScale,dQfromR,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dVector3CrossMat3Col,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,getMaterial,Eigen3f(C),equals,subtract,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,pos,getBodyCount,triangulate,computeAABB,setCamera,setCamera,modifyTexture,preloadScene,updateUniformBindings,getMaterial,create,getC,getJoints,addForceAtPos,contains,computeBoundForPoints,findMinMax,dMultiply1_331,getAnchor2,render,setShaderFile,testCollision,dColliderFn,dJointSetFixed,setAxes,setWarmStartDistance,isActive,createRigidBody,warmStart,influenceParticle,isActive,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,solvePositionConstraint,dColliderFn,setScene,dColliderFn,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),DxJointConstrainedBall(C),createSky,DxWorld(C),getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initCamera,setGravity,setupTextureSwizzle,getAnchor1,render,setJ2aNegated,_cldClipPolyToPlane,dJointAddUniversalTorques,updateFilter,PulleyJoint(C),toString,setAnchor,setAngularTarget,setAxis,setAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAnchor,DistanceJoint(C),dJointAddPRTorque,setAnchor,intersectsBox,getFormatsForCaps,toString,solvePositionConstraints,setMaximumMotorTorque,solvePositionConstraints,initParticleData,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setLimitsEnabled,solveVelocityConstraint,clear,addKeyFrameTranslation,distanceSquared,rotate,lerp,dJointAddHinge2Torques,getLocation,dColliderFn,render,updateParticleData,set,dJointAddSliderForce,setLowerLimit,initParticleData,computeGlobalAxes,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,postQueue,getAnchor1,dJointAddPistonForce,render,addOccluders,computeZFar,onAction,dJointAddHingeTorque,populateFromBuffer,getCursorPosition,solvePositionContraints,getLocalPointOnBody2,getShadowCamera,getCubemapFaceTexCoordFromVector,dColliderFn,collideWith,getInfo2,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,loadCapabilitiesGL2,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),getTriangle,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,FetchTriangleCount,computeClosestPoint,call,compare,contains,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,populateProbes,render,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,checkMotionAllowed,getPosition,collideWithTriangle,initBeforeSolve,distanceToCam,setPosition,setParams,render,CONSTRUCTPLANE,distance,CONSTRUCTPLANE,pos,BAR2,eqProd,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,add,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,BallAndSocketJoint(C),gim_triangle_sphere_collision,done,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,HingeJointInfo(C),generateDeclarationAndMainBody,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,Technique(C),renderProcessing,getData,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,getTangentialImpulse,addContactPoint,SolvedContactPoint(C),isAllowed,reset,,addFaceCandidate,updateGeometry,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,createCopy,getNormal,run,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,GJKAlgorithm(C),,getPosition,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,importanceSampleGGX,setWidth,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,addToInstancedGeometry,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,newBodiesIndexPair,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,computeNextAvailableBodyID,collision,collision,JointInfo(C),filterLights,solve,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,updatePositions,dJointSetDHingeAxis,reloadMaterial,iterator,getBody2,updateAABB,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,ConstraintSolverData(C),duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceToCam,compare,getTransformMatrix,visit,isOutside,buildSurface,init,addPerturbedContacts,TriangleData(C),getCenter,decompose,testCollision,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),interpolate,EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),parseVector3,collideWith,deepClone,collideWith,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,initialize,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getBodies,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetBodiesArray,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,VertexInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setAnchor,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),getInfo2,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),setEnabled,setConvex,SliderJointInfo(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,addLimot,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),Impulse(C),collide,setArg]},
shader:{[com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils], [detachChildAt,registerBinding,updateWorldTransforms,doTransforms,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,write,addWayPoint,write,getInnerRadius,loadFpsText,read,updateUniform,createLumShaders,intersectsSphere,getCounterClockwiseEdgeNormals,getGeometry,add,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,rotate,compare,getContactNormal,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,getCenter,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setDirection,reload,compare,gim_aabbset_sort,setViewProjection,merge,MotorJoint(C),updateTargetsAndMaterials,getScenes,initVertexData,visit,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,getRadius,distanceToCam2,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getPlaceholderImage,setMatrix4,doDisplayFrustumDebug,updateShadowCams,computeBoundForPoints,notifyParamChanged,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,read,applyForce,addMaterialParam,getLocalToWorldMatrix,clearValue,Shader(C),read,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,collideWith,loadFont,emitParticles,reload,read,createClone,init,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,setWidth,clone,isVarying,init,triangulate,generatePbrMaps,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,getPosition,AnimationTrack(C),update,cloneForSpatial,setRotation,write,read,computeBlendFactors,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,intersectsSphere,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,setSpeed,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,write,BillboardControl(C),intersectsSphere,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),setSpeed,IsOnHeightfield2,DxCylinder(C),read,write,,read,createSimpleClone,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,write,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,getCubemapFaceTexCoordFromVector,importanceSampleGGX,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distance,dBodyCopyRotation,getAngularSpeed,setOwner,spatialTolight,setEnabled,read,getPoints,loadGuiFont,reset,,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),getInvRadius,filterLights,JobListener(C),setBound,transformDirection,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),solveTOI,getFormatsForCaps,getRadius,getVertices,getReactionTorque,hertelMehlhorn,RevoluteJoint(C),compare,createSky,getStart,updatePositions,render,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,getRotation,getRadius2,getRadius,getOuterRadius,getReactionTorque,AngleJoint(C),WeldJoint(C),ContactSolver(C),SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,controlUpdate,wrap,computeZFar,getRadius,validate,write,toVector3f,buildSurface,addKeyFrameTransform,read,set,createVector2Buffer,getCursorPosition,asin,getMaximumRotation,read,setWorldMatrix,createMass,dGeomTriMeshSetData,cloneForSpatial,Fixture(C),getRotationDiscRadius,getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,cloneFields,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,isZero,raycast,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,getMatrix,dot,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getRadius,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeClosestPointOfObject,lengthSquared,distance,deepClone,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,getCenter,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,raycast,raycast,addTorques,addTorques,createMass,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,getInfo2,setAxis,createSphere,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,getFarthestFeature,AXES(C),transform,DynamicsWorld(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,getReactionTorque,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,IsPointInPolygon,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dInitColliders,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,getBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,ccdGeomToSphere,createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,intersects,collideWith,get3,collide,dColliderFn,getVolume,setMinMax,updateViewProjection,fromTransformMatrix,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,apply,setMass,Vector3Multiply,getSurfaceTangentRotation,write,read,solveVelocityContraints,warmstart,GJKAlgorithm(C),toString,ConstraintSolver(C),getPosition,_CalculateAxis,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,fillFloatBuffer,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,getCapsule,get,Spline(C),read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,Pose(C),read,CompactVector3Array(C),anchor2,getMode,done,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,convertToHalf,Line(C),getNegativeEnd,getDirection,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,_cldInitCylinderBox,update,dOrthogonalizeR,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,run,setSphereTotal,setLengths,BoundingSphere(C),dMassSetCylinder,reTranspose,pos,dFactorCholesky,clone,Rw,getC,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,whichSide,checkMotionAllowed,getPosition,getRotation,get3,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,computeAABB,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,intersectWhere,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getModelBindInverseTransform,dCollideSpherePlane,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,dMakeRandomMatrix,setMinMax,dMakeRandomMatrix,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,toString,setAxis,dRFromEulerAngles,createMass,Rectangle(C),setConvex,dVector3Cross,getRadius,addTorques,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,AssignIslandSelection,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,Island(C),autoDisable,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,add,setBall2,setFiniteRotationAxis,setB,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),updateListenerParam,render,zoomCamera,getRadius,rotate,DxRagdollBody(C),fromOpenGL,dJointSetFixed,isAllowed,scaleMatrix,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),interpolate,parseVector3,intersect,onAction,collideWith,dJointSetSliderAxisDelta,getInfo2,getRadius,getInfo2,dRSetIdentity,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,VertexInfo(C),dJointCreateTransmission,setAxis,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,PrismaticJoint(C),getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,dWorldImpulseToForce,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,setMaximumTorque,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,dSolveLCP,Rotation(C),dJointSetPistonAxisDelta,dColliderFn,setAnchor,getInfo1,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,warmstart,solveVelocityConstraint,Impulse(C),toString,collide,ThreadedProcessJobStart,ConstraintSolverData(C),warmstart,SliderJointInfo(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,translate,addLimot,initParticleData,dLDLTAddTL,WireSphere(C),updateParticleData,initParticleData,isOutside,dCollideCapsulePlane,getSpeed,impulseToForce,ray_sphere_helper,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,addTorque,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,setParams,addTorque,setAxis,setMode,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),difference,warmStart,setArg,getTangentialImpulse,getInfo2,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxSphere(C),DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,solve,toString,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,triangulate,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,HingeJointInfo(C),calcScreenArea]},
radius:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack], [dCollideCapsuleSphere,rotateCamera,dJointSetTransmissionAnchor1,flipAlongTheYAxis,clone,getRadius,getAxes,setBox,getRadius,getType,getRotation,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,write,distance,clone,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRotation,generateParallel,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,rotateAboutCenter,getRotation,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,onFrustumChange,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,computeFromTris,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,getTextureMode,getQuaternion,getRotation,clone,getCenter,createLMotorJoint,clone,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,setSpatial,getRadius,ccdGeomToObj,collideCylCyl,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,getPoint,gim_aabbset_alloc,set,setAsleep,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,copyRotation,updatePositions,IsPointInPolygon,rotate,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,getRandomPoint,computeFromTris,intersectBrute,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,scaleTextureCoordinates,dColliderFn,computeAABB,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,translate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,SpotLight(C),DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getYMonotonePolygons,interpolateCatmullRom,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,MakeMatrix,LightList(C),apply,dColliderFn,dBodySetMass,calcScreenArea,Segment(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,set,testCollision,dColliderFn,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,getVolume,rotateAboutCenter,setTarget,ChaseCamera(C),setRotationQuaternion,dQuatInv,detachChildAt,setPrefilteredMap,getVelocity,setPoi,dColliderFn,findMinMax,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,dColliderFn,CompactVector3Array(C),updateInstance,getTriangle,cloneForSpatial,computeLastDistance,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,set,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,distance,EmitterBoxShape(C),getWrapMode,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,set,getControlPoints,merge,read,toVector3f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,buildMatCache,computeLastDistance,AnimationEvent(C),depthFirstTraversal,read,setSpatial,equals,getRotations,isRequiresDepthTexture,getRotations,getLight,clone,isRequiresDepthTexture,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,merge,setMatParamOverrideRefresh,fixRefreshFlags,clearParam,angleBetween,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),bindCamera,isEmpty,dColliderFn,validate,oldClone,computeLastDistance,distanceSquaredTo,removeAllJoints,setMaterialParameters,getInertia,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),dJointCreateAMotor,getRandomPointAndNormal,getDuration,autoDisable,setMaterialParameters,setCamera,setCamera,setCamera,dColliderFn,BodyFixture(C),gim_triangle_sphere_collision,getMaximumRotation,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,add,add,distanceSquared,getMagnitudeSquared,add,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,distance,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,duUpdateGeometryNormals,intersectWherePlanar,distanceSquared,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,setB,distance,Triangle(C),isOnPlane,MotionEvent(C),onPlay,getSpeed,setEnabled,setMaterialParameters,setOrigin,getInitialVelocity,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,getC,getJoints,setQuaternion,updateAABB,getRotation,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,wrap,setSourceParams,getUp,getVelocity,setScene,breadthFirstTraversal,getSurfaceTangentRotation,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,copyRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getPosition,fromTransformMatrix,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,done,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createSky,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,isPointInTriangle,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,controlUpdate,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),setConvex,collide,scaleMatrix,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,collideWith,get3,loadModel,initialize,render,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadModel,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),render,getReactionForce,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVector3Array,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,getCursorPosition,postFrame,getTargetVertexIndex,integrateRigidBodiesPositions,link,getShaderParamDefineId,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,getFormatsForCaps,setGeometry,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,AnimationFactory(C),GJKAlgorithm(C),ContactSolver(C),solveVelocityContraints,isMotorEnabled,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,getPointDepth,getJointSpeed,decompose,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,renderViewPort,ConstraintSolver(C),dJointSetAMotorAxis,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,last,onNewTexture,DxJointHinge2(C),clear,MotorJoint(C),getReactionForce,rotate,lerp,cloneForSpatial,dMULTIPLYOP0_331,collideWith,getJointSpeed,generate,dQSetIdentity,getFrictionImpulse2,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,setTexture,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,buildSurface,duplicateCubeMap,JointInfo(C),VertexInfo(C),update,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,getShadowCamera,snapshot,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),setGenerationParam,parseVector3,BIHTriangle(C),dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,setAxes,DxJointFixed(C),from,DxJointUniversal(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),computeInitialRelativeRotation,WeldJoint(C),DxJointHinge(C),duUpdateGeometryTextures,DxJointPR(C),DxJointSlider(C),getReactionForce,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,getReactionForce,setAnchor,getReactionForce,setAnchor,AngleJoint(C),updateParticleData,set,initParticleData,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,initialize,FixedJoint(C),dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getInfo2,getBody2,getAnchor1,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),updateUniformBindings,updateGeometry,dJointSetDHingeAxis,isMotorEnabled,viewCol,dMultiply1,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dMultiply1,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,pos,triangulate,getInfo2,ThreadedProcessJobStart,modifyTexture,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,generateNodeMainSection,solve,duUpdateGeometryTextures,pos,setEnabled,initBeforeSolve,Impulse(C),addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,populateProbes,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,SliderJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,setAnchor,distanceToCam,setArg,isOutside,checkMotionAllowed,addOccluders,distanceToCam,filterLights,render,render,updateProbe,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,HingeJointInfo(C),reshape,getPlaceholderModel,isVarying,init,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,TriangleData(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),getScenes,visit,addLimot,reloadMaterial,collide,onAction,computeZFar,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),reset,,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,isAllowed,initialize,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C)]},
matrix:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver], [subtract,dWtoDQ,move,transformInverseVector,inverseRotateVect,setAngularVelocity,setPosition,toAngleAxis,dQMultiply1,dGeomSetPosition,setFacingVelocity,setSphere,write,dInvertMatrix3,dMultiply1,dVector3Add,dVectorScale,dMakeRandomVector,dotRow,Vector3Multiply,setWorldMatrix,updateUniformBindings,dMakeRandomVector,subEq,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,viewCol,fromAxes,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,setOrientation,updateWorldLightList,getEigenVector,computeLocalInertiaTensor,glGetShader,glAttachShader,pos,removeAllJoints,triangulate,cloneFields,getPointDepth,read,cross,swap,updateFrustumPoints2,deleteShaderSource,clearParam,isRequiresDepthTexture,isRequiresDepthTexture,attachChild,SUBTRACT,setBox,distance,SUBTRACT,pos,done,getC,add,setPostShadowMaterial,rotateBillboard,whichSide,setSpatial,write,getWorldBindPosition,postFrame,findBatchByMaterial,getInfo2,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,setJ2aNegated,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,addOccluders,computeZFar,dColliderFn,solveVelocityConstraints,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),BasicShadowRenderer(C),_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,deleteShader,setArg,dJointSetFixed,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,solveVelocityConstraints,initializeConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,toString,EPAAlgorithm(C),setAxes,dGeomTriMeshSetData,GJKAlgorithm(C),dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxStepIsland_Stage3,warmstart,setAxes,solvePositionContraints,warmstart,enableMotor,dJointSetPRAnchor,computeCurrentHingeAngle,setMinMax,collideWith,getRadius,setAxis,contains,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,getInfo2,setAxis,createPistonJoint,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,AXES(C),distanceSquaredTo,setLeftPlane,_cldTestAxis,collide,getMaxAngularSpeed,getPosition,length,toVector3f,buildSurface,duplicateCubeMap,render,Slice(C),contains,updateLength,getRadius,getCenter,distanceSquared,distanceSquared,Pose(C),intersectsSphere,Spline(C),clone,EmitterBoxShape(C),setB,distance,getNormal,isOnPlane,deepClone,updateGeometry,getRestitutionVelocity,setSpeed,getDuration,write,internalUpdate,onPause,setSpeed,isEmpty,getSpeed,setLinearVelocity,cloneForSpatial,clone,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,distance,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),interpolatePath,merge,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,updateWorldBound,read,setSpatial,equals,getTranslations,read,getLight,clone,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createPolygonalSlice,write,write,read,getDefinition,CompactVector3Array(C),merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),setSpatial,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,setAxis,setZoomSpeed,setZoomSpeed,getRadius,distanceSquared,rotate,getRotationDiscRadius,AbstractCollidable(C),AbstractShape(C),getRotation,contains,cloneForSpatial,dJointSetPistonParam,addTorque,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),SinglePassLightingLogic(C),addKeyFrameTranslation,updateParticleData,set,solveVelocityConstraints,createMass,initParticleData,convertToHalf,getVelocity,getLocalPointOnBody2,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,getVolume,setCamera,getReferenceFace,isVelocityFromTranslation,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,sphericalToCartesian,setSourceParams,getVelocity,getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),getContactNormal,computeAABB,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,computeGlobalAxes,setPrefilteredMap,lengthSquared,DxRagdollBody(C),isAllowed,toString,whichSide,onShaderUse,AmbientLight(C),addConstrainedBallJoint,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),updateShadowCams,getLight,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVector3Array,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getRandomPointAndNormal,addPoint,generateParallel,SolvedContactPoint(C),_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,compare,getCursorPosition,add,intersectsFrustum,read,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,setConvex,GetSupportSide,updateGeometry,Dome(C),EmitterSphereShape(C),getInnerRadius,render,getShaderGenerator,update,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,setShaderGenerator,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,onAction,decompose,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,setEnabled,doubleSize,setAxis1,dJointCreatePiston,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,setSleepLinearVelocity,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,render,StripBox(C),iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,solveVelocityConstraints,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,collideWith,get3,computeAABB,updateGeometry,setGeometryData,dColliderFn,ccdGeomToSphere,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,collideWithVertex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,BodyFixture(C),initParticleData,dColliderFn,getTextureMode,dJointSetDHingeAxis,getInertia,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,getTangentialImpulse,solveVelocityConstraints,computeFrictionVectors,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setMaxAngularSpeed,solveVelocityConstraints,addContactPoint,solveVelocityConstraints,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,ray_sphere_helper,lightToSpatial,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getRadius,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dCollideSpherePlane,cleanProbes,setEnabled,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getPrevious,Box(C),triangulate,HingeJointInfo(C),JointInfo(C),TriangleData(C),getCenter,distanceToCam2,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,dCollideCapsulePlane,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,createLumShaders,registerBinding,initialize,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,setAnchor,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,getScenes,visit,updatePositions,getInfo2,initialize,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,intersect,getPlaceholderImage,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,checkMotionAllowed,getShaderParamDefineId,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,ConstraintSolverData(C),getRadius,generateNodeMainSection,setCamera,setCamera,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,dGeomSpherePointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),makeCurrent,addContact,VertexInfo(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,computeBlendFactors,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),compare,getFormatsForCaps,generatePbrMaps,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),isVarying,init,ThreadedProcessJobStart,createSky,SliderJointInfo(C),fromBoundingSphere,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),ccdVec3Normalize,calcScreenArea,solve,getInfo2,update,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,Impulse(C),,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,isOutside,collide,addLimot,getSpeed,reset,,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),solveVelocityContraints]},
quaternion:{[com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.material.Material,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig], [setArg,read,setFrustumPerspective,dRFromZAxis,oppositeLocal,read,addKeyFrameScale,getWorldBindPosition,onAction,read,dRSetIdentity,setBody,setMovedCallback,setParams,dGeomSetPosition,lengthSquare,zoomCamera,add,render,ChaseCamera(C),setVolume,transformVector,read,breadthFirstTraversal,fixRefreshFlags,setWarmStartDistance,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,dJointAddPRTorque,dJointAddSliderForce,write,dPlaneSpace,lengthSquared,write,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dClipPolyToCircle,dClearUpperTriangle,getInfo2,dClearUpperTriangle,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,getAnchor2,ChaseCameraAppState(C),dJointAddPistonForce,Rotation(C),MotionEvent(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,updateFilter,oldClone,lerp,updateParticleData,read,getRadius,contains,setLimits,rotate,setLowerLimit,getAxes,initParticleData,rotate,_cldTestEdge,getRadius,getMagnitudeSquared,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,length,distanceSquared,setCylinder,initParticleData,getInfo2,getJoinedBodies,read,onStop,RigidBody(C),createVector3Buffer,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,setAxis,contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setAxis,createCylinder,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),setEulerReferenceVectors,setMaxMotorTorque,setMaxMotorForce,warmstart,setSphere,setCamera,DVector3Tovec3f,attachChild,resetBodiesForceAndTorque,getNumJoints,dConnectingJointList,dJointGetDHingeAxis,_cldTestAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAngularTarget,getInfo2,getWrapMode,getAnchor1,getInfo2,mergeLocal,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setGravity,setLimitsEnabled,addContactPoint,SolvedContactPoint(C),initializeConstraints,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),dotRow,CONSTRUCTPLANE,lengthSquared,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dBoxBox,pos,dFactorCholesky,viewCol,pos,dCollideBoxPlane,getC,lengthSquared,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,BallAndSocketJoint(C),updateShaderUniforms,addUniversalJoint,setOrigin,isActive,influenceParticle,toString,influenceParticle,isActive,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,checkCulling,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getShadowCam,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,HingeJointInfo(C),onStop,getAxis2,ccdGeomToCyl,create,solvePositionConstraints,write,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,ConstraintSolverData(C),rotate,getJoints,equals,duplicateCubeMap,setMatParams,toString,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,isPointInTriangle,_cldClipCylinderToBox,length,read,buildSurface,read,GJKAlgorithm(C),warmStart,snapshot,EPAAlgorithm(C),dVectorScale,Eigen3f(C),toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),updateShadowCamera,makeCurrent,gim_aabbset_sort,render,solve,updateGeometry,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,rotate,cloneForSpatial,getFlyByCamera,set,PLANE_MINOR_AXES,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,glGetShader,glAttachShader,step,triangulate,cloneFields,getTriangle,lengthSquared,setJ2aNegated,computeAABB,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),createCircle,getCurrentCamera,VEC_SCALE,setGeometry,detachChildAt,write,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,updateGeometry,intersectWherePlanar,write,computeAngleParameters,computeLastDistance,write,setB,transform,orthogonalLineFit,Triangle(C),setPlanePoints,EmitterPointShape(C),updateGeometry,setLighting,depthFirstTraversal,asin,getShadowCamera,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,CompactVector3Array(C),getRadius,WireFrustum(C),attachDebugNode,createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setTexture,getInvRadius,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getInnerRadius,setToleranceAngle,LightProbe(C),setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,read,Dome(C),intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),computeAABB,last,onShaderUse,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,getTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,VertexInfo(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,deepClone,addPoint,rotate,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,dColliderFn,update,update,BodyFixture(C),addPerturbedContacts,dColliderFn,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,setMatParams,dColliderFn,getLocalBounds,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,cloneForSpatial,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,ray_sphere_helper,getMaterial,decompose,intersectBrute,setConvex,IsPointInPolygon,getRadius2,JointInfo(C),gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getRadius,setAxes,compare,dCollideSpherePlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,setScene,setAnchor,clone,write,isEmpty,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,SliderJointInfo(C),updateTargetsAndMaterials,write,getRadius,Fixture(C),setMeshes,testCollision,distanceToCam,getInfo2,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,StripBox(C),compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Box(C),reload,compare,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,renderFilterChain,write,getMaterial,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),BitmapFont(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setSpatial,read,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),triangulate,getRadius,convertToHalf,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,registerBinding,initialize,loadFpsText,DxCylinder(C),setCamera,read,getLocalBounds,Impulse(C),setCamera,setCamera,distanceToCam2,read,createLumShaders,write,,read,loadFont,createSimpleClone,loadFont,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,addMaterialParam,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getScenes,visit,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,getCursorPosition,makeCurrent,extractIndirectLights,makeCurrent,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,setAxis,getRadius1,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,SetData,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,hashCode,getRadius,getOuterRadius,isVarying,init,getFormatsForCaps,ccdVec3Normalize,reset,,dColliderFn,isOutside,process,computeZFar,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,cloneForSpatial,setPoi,updateProbe,setEnabled,setOwner,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),createSky,calcScreenArea,WireSphere(C),BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),computeAABB,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,collide,addLimot,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,collideWith,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,dCollideCapsulePlane,setEnabled,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,TriangleData(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius]},
rotation:{[com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo], [setTranslation,mult,dRSetIdentity,setLocalScale,setArg,setBody,setMovedCallback,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,dGeomGetBodyNext,toAngleAxis,setWarmStartDistance,BillboardControl(C),subtract,transformInverseVector,swap,breadthFirstTraversal,rotate,getRadius,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,setUpVector,getUpVector,setTarget,getRadius,distanceSquared,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),rotateAboutCenter,lerp,dot,getNegativeEnd,contains,dJointAddPRTorque,computeOffset,dRFromZAxis,read,dJointAddPistonForce,addKeyFrameTranslation,updateParticleData,set,getWorldBindPosition,setLocation,setLimits,getAxes,setLowerLimit,setDirection,getAxes,initParticleData,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,getLocation,getLocalPointOnBody2,getJoinedBodies,getTranslations,dInvertMatrix3,lengthSquared,getTranslations,getBody,fromOpenGL,dClipPolyToCircle,dClearUpperTriangle,getInfo2,dClearUpperTriangle,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,getAnchor2,RigidBody(C),add,onAction,render,dJointAddUniversalTorques,setSphereTotal,dMassSetTrimesh,setMaxMotorForce,setMaxMotorTorque,setGravity,warmstart,setCamera,updateFilter,read,attachChild,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setMode,initParticleData,setAxis,contains,getAxis,detect,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setAxis,connectingJoint,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),resetBodiesForceAndTorque,getAnchor1,setAngularTarget,getNumJoints,getAnchor1,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setGravity,setLimitsEnabled,addContactPoint,SolvedContactPoint(C),getAnchor2,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),dJointAddHinge2Torques,addUniversalJoint,getInfo2,dConnectingJointList,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,TransformVector3,setAxis,BallAndSocketJoint(C),onStop,init,setLight,doDisplayFrustumDebug,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,create,setOrigin,isActive,getInitialVelocity,getPosition,influenceParticle,isActive,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,HingeJointInfo(C),bindCamera,getAxes,getC,getJoints,equals,getExtent,solvePositionConstraints,addInBuffer,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dotRow,SUBTRACT,lengthSquared,SUBTRACT,computeAABB,pos,dMultiply1,viewCol,pos,BAR2,eqProd,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,controlUpdate,ConstraintSolverData(C),getWrapMode,PssmShadowRenderer(C),SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,setAxes,getCubemapFaceTexCoordFromVector,clone,updateShaderUniforms,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),_cldClipCylinderToBox,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,ccdGeomToSphere,warmStart,getAxes,EPAAlgorithm(C),createPolygonalSlice,AssignIslandSelection,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,Island(C),step,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),dVectorScale,solve,BodyFixture(C),updateGeometry,render,getFlyByCamera,updateFrustumPoints2,dColliderFn,maxDifference,PLANE_MINOR_AXES,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,getEigenVector,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,cloneFields,write,cross,renderViewPort,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,setAnchor,updateTargetDistance,setAxes,clone,setLighting,setVector3,init,length,toVector3f,buildSurface,getDirection,getMaterial,makeCurrent,gim_merge_contacts,setMinMax,dGeomTriMeshSetData,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,collideWith,get3,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),getContactNormal,computeAABB,createTriangulation,call,computeAABB,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,getTexCoord,FetchTriangleCount,depthFirstTraversal,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,interpolateCatmullRom,cloneForSpatial,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,write,isEmpty,onShaderUse,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,ClosestPointBetweenSegments,isEqualTo,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,CylinderShape(C),CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,checkMotionAllowed,getPosition,getCenter,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),addPoint,approxEqual,updateLength,getPoints,StripBox(C),convertToHalf,setJ2aNegated,cloneForSpatial,computeLastDistance,read,cloneForSpatial,renderFilterChain,write,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,getRandomPoint,clone,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),interpolatePath,getControlPoints,merge,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,setDirection,read,setSpatial,equals,getRandomPoint,setSpatial,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,deserialize,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),dColliderFn,clone,isEqualTo,dColliderFn,doCopyBuffer,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),addPerturbedContacts,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,SliderJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,getVolume,setCamera,update,update,getCenter,getDirection,setPosition,setB,contains,Line(C),whichSide,intersectBrute,setConvex,updateGeometry,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,get3,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,getPointDepth,updateGeometry,setGeometryData,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,getCenter,getUp,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,Impulse(C),compare,setEnabled,LightList(C),TriangleData(C),getCenter,addOccluders,computeZFar,makeCurrent,JointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,Box(C),Sphere(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getPrevious,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideSpherePlane,decompose,getInfo2,intersectsBox,getPosition,createDebugSphere,getRadius,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,dGeomSpherePointDepth,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,getColor,loadModel,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadModel,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,addContact,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,setScene,computeLastDistance,dCollideCapsuleSphere,ray_sphere_helper,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,hashCode,ccdVec3Normalize,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,collide,getCursorPosition,registerBinding,initialize,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,addLimot,,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,setWidth,createLumShaders,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,generateUniforms,isOutside,addMaterialParam,dCollideCapsulePlane,testCollision,toString,updatePositions,distanceToCam2,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,compare,getScenes,visit,reset,,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,isVarying,init,makeCurrent,makeCurrent,setPoi,updateProbe,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,calcScreenArea,collideWith,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),createSky,interpolateNurbs,getFormatsForCaps,setEnabled,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),findMinMax,ThreadedProcessJobStart,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,VertexInfo(C)]},
motor:{[org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4], [setLimitsEnabled,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getJointSpeed,initializeConstraints,solve,setLimitEnabled,update,getRelativeRotation,solvePositionConstraint,setAnchor,setAutoDisableDefaults,getInfo2,setAxis,setAnchor,dJointSetPRAnchor,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,createSweptAABB,FrictionJoint(C),updateGeometry,getRelativeRotation,getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,setGravity,initializeConstraints,getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,initializeConstraints,MotionEvent(C),getMotorSpeed,computeCurrentHingeAngle,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),dInitColliders,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,DxRagdoll(C),solveVelocityConstraint,onStop,initialize,Island(C),HingeJointInfo(C),dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getBodies,removeAllJoints,getMaterial,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,getTorque,SliderJointInfo(C),Impulse(C),setLightListRefresh,Triangle(C),setAxis,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,getInfo2,getTangentSpeed,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setAxis2,dJointCreateTransmission,createCylinder,setAxis,fromAxes,getLimot2,dCROSSMAT,dJointSetDHingeAnchor1,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,create,setWarmStartDistance,read,oldClone,write,isCollisionEnabled,getInitialVelocity,getVelocity,setInitialVelocity,isCollisionAllowed,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,getBody,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),selectTechnique,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,read,lengthSquare,normalizeVector3,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dMassSetTrimesh,rotate,getC,getRadius,setCylinder,updateAABB,getAxes,riseCamera,ChaseCamera(C),setTarget,getMagnitudeSquared,rotate,fixRefreshFlags,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),AbstractShape(C),lerp,getHalfHeight,length,read,contains,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,isOutside,WarmStartingContactManager(C),onStop,toString,getHalfWidth,addKeyFrameScale,updateParticleData,set,write,transpose,getScreenCoordinates,getSliceRadius,initParticleData,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,_cldTestEdge,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,getVelocity,dRSetIdentity,invert,addLight,generateUniforms,updateWorldLightList,setKeyframes,lengthSquared,setKeyframes,oppositeLocal,fromOpenGL,dLineClosestApproach,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,dRFrom2Axes,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),setArg,render,updateInstances,onAction,collide,collide2,getInfo2,setSourceParams,initParticleData,read,setCamera,addFaceCandidate,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setLight,getLight,attachChild,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),_cldTestSeparatingAxes,GetPointFromBarycentric,addLimot,collide,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),JointInfo(C),duUpdateGeometryTextures,wrap,getFlyByCamera,bulkPut,LightControl(C),clearSetByCurrentMaterial,setMatParams,getHammersleyPoint,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,setInterleaved,read,collideWithVertex,getVolume,whichSide,read,collideWithBoundingVolume,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,read,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,duUpdateGeometryTextures,validateInputData,generate,read,setGeometry,asin,last,onShaderUse,setMinMax,computeAABB,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,updateShaderUniforms,gim_trimesh_update_vertices,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,merge,call,computeAABB,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createSquare,halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,PLANE_MINOR_AXES,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,rotate,getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,addPoint,rotate,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,lengthSquared,getCursorPosition,CreateCatmullRomPath,setMatParams,cloneForSpatial,read,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,ccdGeomToCyl,addPerturbedContacts,updateAABB,reTranspose,SUBTRACT,lengthSquared,SUBTRACT,computeAABB,pos,dMultiply1,clone,Rw,BAR2,lengthSquared,read,setConvex,ClosestPointBetweenSegments,read,getRadius2,getTransformMatrix,gim_aabbset_sort,read,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,write,dColliderFn,compare,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,read,getRadius,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,VertexInfo(C),clone,clone,AmbientLight(C),setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,updatePositions,postQueue,positiveRank,CompactVector3Array(C),EmitterPointShape(C),getRadius,read,snapshot,WireFrustum(C),write,createCatmullRomMesh,read,Arrow(C),toVector4f,setTexture,getType,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getInnerRadius,read,read,LightProbe(C),parseVector3,collideWith,preFrame,computeAngleParameters,getVelocity,intersect,deepClone,dColliderFn,computeAABB,dCollideSpherePlane,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,collideWith,decompose,setLightFilter,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getRadius,getOuterRadius,getRadius,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,renderFilterChain,write,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),merge,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setSpatial,equals,updateTargetsAndMaterials,preFrame,getLight,clone,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,length,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getRadius,read,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,testCollision,distanceToCam,compare,convertToHalf,ccdVec3Normalize,getRadius1,dGeomRaySet,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dMultiply1,SetData,DVector3ColView(C),difference,setCamera,getInfo2,getLocalBounds,cleanProbes,testCollision,getType,clone,createSky,cloneForSpatial,cloneFields,setEnabled,setOwner,render,extractIndirectLights,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,getColor,getShaderGenerator,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,setShaderGenerator,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,triangulate,getRadius,collideWith,Fixture(C),setCamera,setCamera,registerBinding,initialize,WireSphere(C),setLighting,createLumShaders,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getFormatsForCaps,toString,addMaterialParam,getScenes,visit,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,checkMotionAllowed,updateProbe,makeCurrent,makeCurrent,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,cleanup,dColliderFn,reset,,isVarying,init,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,DxCylinder(C),setEnabled,addOccluders,computeZFar,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),generateStartOfMainSection,getType,render,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared]},
geometry:{[com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision], [setViewProjection,updateFrustumPoints,findBatchByMaterial,write,createTriangle,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,distanceSquared,compare,getContactNormal,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,write,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,getCenter,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setDirection,reload,compare,gim_aabbset_update,triangulate,MotorJoint(C),distanceToCam2,triangulate,registerBinding,initialize,addWayPoint,write,getUp,loadFpsText,createLumShaders,setPosition,write,getRadius,getScenes,isDegenerateTriangle,visit,getTexCoord,doDisplayFrustumDebug,read,updateTargetsAndMaterials,onMeshDrawn,getAxes,read,convertElementMode,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getPlaceholderImage,read,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,setLocalRotation,clearValue,Shader(C),getDirection,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,setVector3,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,getTriangleCount,loadFont,read,reload,read,createClone,init,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,update,getRadius,setEnabled,read,getPoints,enqueueCinematicEvent,loadGuiFont,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setWidth,clone,transformDirection,generatePbrMaps,write,getReferenceFace,isVarying,init,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,computeBlendFactors,getUpVector,setDirection,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,initEvent,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,BillboardControl(C),write,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),IsOnHeightfield2,computeAABB,getPosition,write,write,,read,createSimpleClone,intersectsBox,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,write,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,getSolidAngleAndVector,prefilterEnvMapTexel,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distance,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,solvePositionConstraints,setMotorSpeed,setOwner,spatialTolight,getFormatsForCaps,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),setPosition,filterLights,JobListener(C),reset,,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),raycast,compare,updatePositions,getStart,createSky,getAnchor2,render,computeZFar,write,getRadius,getOuterRadius,getAxes,getCenter,solvePositionConstraints,getRotation,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,solve,distance,toVector3f,buildSurface,solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,dGeomTriMeshGetPoint,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,rotateAroundOrigin,getVector3Array,getCursorPosition,interpolateCatmullRom,clearUpperTriangle,cloneForSpatial,allocatePlaneBuffer,controlUpdate,setWorldMatrix,getTriangle,contains,setLocation,read,getTranslations,setMinMax,addKeyFrameTranslation,setRotationQuaternion,write,update,dPlaneSpace,setSourceParams,getPosition,getLocation,read,getPosition,read,getMaximumRotation,read,Body(C),setOrigin,Joint(C),initVelocityArrays,setInitialVelocity,Joint(C),setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,solveVelocityConstraint,subtract,solvePositionConstraints,setAxis,setAxis2,contains,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setAnchor,setAxis,createQuadTreeSpace,getAxes,createMass,getAxes,getFarthestPoint,AXES(C),dJointSetTransmissionAxis,contains,averagePoints,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,dRFromAxisAndAngle,getTranslations,lengthSquared,setPosition,fromAxes,DxRagdollBody(C),fromOpenGL,dClipPolyToCircle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dJointSetFixed,dCollide,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,addForceAtPos,read,isAllowed,setAnchor2,setAxes,TRIANGLE_PLANE,viewCol,dVectorScale,set,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,getEigenVector,equals,pos,triangulate,getPointDepth,getInfo2,dJointSetPRAnchor,setAnchor,dJointAddAMotorTorques,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),ConvexMeshShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,getAxes,createMass,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,deepClone,addPoint,updateLength,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),toString,initializeConstraints,dJointCreateBall,dJointSetDHingeAxis,BodyFixture(C),isZero,raycast,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dot,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,distance,getRandomPoint,_cldTestOneTriangle,compute_invM_JT,dxStepIsland_Stage3,dMassSetTrimesh,BoxShape(C),Fixture(C),equals,getRandomPoint,setMeshes,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,setUpVector,getRadius,rotate,addFixture,AbstractShape(C),getNegativeEnd,FetchTransformedTriangle,render,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,read,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,setGravity,getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,setGravity,setMotorSpeed,solvePositionConstraint,setBox,setJ2aNegated,getInfo2,onPlay,solvePositionConstraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,solvePositionConstraints,setAnchor,setAnchor,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,getCenter,onAction,ccdGeomToCyl,add,getInfo2,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,solvePositionContraints,setParams,dColliderFn,IsPointInPolygon,setLeftPlane,updateParticleData,initParticleData,ConstraintSolverData(C),_cldTestSeparatingAxes,updatePositions,getC,getJoints,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getDirection,Pose(C),getControlPoints,setB,Line(C),get3,whichSide,initEvent,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,deserialize,CollisionBody(C),getBodies,testCollision,isEmpty,raycast,raycast,warmstart,getTargetVertexIndex,collideWith,TestOneTriangleVsCylinder,pos,done,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,solvePositionConstraint,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),adjustMass,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),last,calcScreenArea,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,removeNoCollisionPair,addObject,removePair,updateObject,collideWith,get3,addContactInfo,createCopy,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,getRandomPointAndNormal,getTangentialImpulse,addContactPoint,checkMotionAllowed,computeAABB,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,dColliderFn,getBody2,getBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getInfo2,isOutside,findMinMax,HingeJointInfo(C),gim_triangle_triangle_collision,testCollision,setAxis1,collide,ThreadedProcessJobStart,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,dCollideCapsuleSphere,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,link,VertexInfo(C),interpolateNurbs,dColliderFn,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,getPointDepth,initParticleData,Impulse(C),Triangle(C),setAnchor,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,JointInfo(C),set,dColliderFn,removeObject,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,collide,TriangleData(C),getCenter,compare,addLimot,setConvex,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),dCollideSpherePlane,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,SliderJointInfo(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,solve,setArg,gim_trimesh_ray_collision]},
spatial:{[com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener], [write,distanceToCam2,createLumShaders,intersectsFrustum,setViewProjection,findBatchByMaterial,computeWorldMatrix,createCircle,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,distanceSquared,compare,getContactNormal,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,computeVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setDirection,reload,compare,gim_aabbset_sort,merge,getReactionForce,registerBinding,initialize,addWayPoint,write,getInnerRadius,loadFpsText,doDisplayFrustumDebug,updateShadowCams,updateFrustumPoints,updateTargetsAndMaterials,getScenes,setToleranceAngle,visit,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,getRadius,init,setEnabled,read,getPoints,setSpeed,loadGuiFont,onAnalog,getPlaceholderImage,read,convertElementMode,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,read,setMassInverse,addMaterialParam,lookAt,clearValue,Shader(C),getDirection,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,setTexture,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,setInitialVelocity,reload,read,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,triangulate,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setWidth,clone,generatePbrMaps,AnimationTrack(C),update,cloneForSpatial,needsDirection,write,read,computeBlendFactors,rotateCamera,setDirection,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,setSpeed,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,write,rotateBillboard,intersectsSphere,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),SetData,DxCylinder(C),collideWith,isVarying,init,createOffCamera,setOwner,spatialTolight,read,write,,read,createSimpleClone,intersectsBox,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,write,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,getSolidAngleAndVector,prefilterEnvMapTexel,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distance,dBodyGetRotation,solvePositionConstraints,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),getInvRadius,filterLights,JobListener(C),reset,,transformDirection,getRadius,contains,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,getFormatsForCaps,compare,getJointAngle,getReferenceFace,getStart,updatePositions,getReactionForce,createSky,render,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getRotationTransform,computeZFar,solvePositionConstraints,getRadius2,getRadius,getOuterRadius,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,getRadius,distance,toVector3f,buildSurface,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,solve,rotate,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,controlUpdate,clearUpperTriangle,rotateAroundOrigin,getVector3Array,getCursorPosition,sphericalToCartesian,read,setWorldMatrix,AnimationFactory(C),dGeomTriMeshSetData,cloneForSpatial,update,dMULTIPLYOP0_331,getInitialVelocity,collideWithRay,distanceSquaredTo,distanceToNearPlane,Transform(C),getMaximumRotation,computeFromTris,toString,setInverseRotationDegrees,write,Fixture(C),getRotationDiscRadius,EmitterBoxShape(C),setMeshes,setInitialVelocity,deepClone,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,isZero,raycast,getRadius,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,getRotationAngleAxis,distance,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getRadius,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,distance,deepClone,SetupInitialContext,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,updateListenerParam,getVelocity,getVelocity,read,getVelocity,getSleepLinearVelocity,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,CheckEdgeIntersection,dJointGetTransmissionAxis,ccdGeomToSphere,from,getAxes,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,createCylinder,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,getRadius,AXES(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dInitColliders,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,raycast,raycast,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getPointDepth,createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,collideWith,get3,GJKAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,getSurfaceTangentRotation,applyTorque,setOrigin,solveVelocityContraints,warmstart,MakeMatrix,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,intersectsWherePlane,distanceSquared,Pose(C),setUserTransformsInModelSpace,getControlPoints,setB,distance,Triangle(C),isOnPlane,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,simplexToPolytope2,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,toString,ConstraintSolver(C),setVelocity,dVector3Add,done,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,initParticleData,getRotation,getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,fromAngleNormalAxis,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,fromAxes,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,BoneTrack(C),getCapsule,write,write,read,deserialize,dJointGetDBallAnchor2,dRFromAxisAndAngle,convertToHalf,dJointAddAMotorTorques,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,collide,dColliderFn,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,dMassSetCylinder,dotRow,setCylinder,pos,dMultiply1,viewCol,pos,getMass,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,run,dCollideSpherePlane,toString,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,intersectBrute,getEigenVector,getRadius,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,dMultiply1,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dQMultiply1,setOrientation,triangulate,dJointSetFixed,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),isEnabledAndDynamic,getRadius1,dConnectingJointList,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,getReactionForce,AssignIslandSelection,compute_invM_JT,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland_Stage3,Island(C),addConstrainedBallJoint,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,Island(C),getFiniteRotationMode,setConvex,setAxes,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,setArg,getRadius,interpolateNurbs,VertexInfo(C),solvePositionConstraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,solvePositionConstraints,setAnchor,dJointSetPRAxis2,setAnchor,dJointGetDHingeAxis,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,toString,dColliderFn,ray_sphere_helper,solvePositionConstraints,getRadius,getRadius,isAllowed,getSliceRadius,getRotation,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,dJointAddSliderForce,dJointAddPistonForce,computeAABB,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,dWorldImpulseToForce,setParams,impulseToForce,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,getInfo2,solvePositionContraints,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,updateLength,getNormalImpulse,getRadius,warmstart,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,zoomCamera,intersect,BIHTriangle(C),dColliderFn,rotate,FixedJoint(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,WireSphere(C),warmstart,addLimot,getInfo2,getBody2,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,ContactConstraint(C),dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,collide,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),Impulse(C),getInfo2,getSpeed,Rotation(C),TriangleData(C),render,ThreadedProcessJobStart,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,SliderJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,collideWith,updateParticleData,HingeJointInfo(C),isOutside,onAction,solve,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,checkMotionAllowed]},
light:{[com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel], [doTransforms,computeWorldMatrix,createPolygonalEllipse,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,rotate,compare,getContactNormal,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,write,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,computeVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setDirection,reload,compare,gim_aabbset_sort,setViewProjection,triangulate,getReactionTorque,distanceToCam2,registerBinding,initialize,addWayPoint,write,Ring(C),loadFpsText,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getScenes,linkVertices,visit,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,triangulate,createLumShaders,intersectsFrustum,read,convertElementMode,doDisplayFrustumDebug,updateShadowCams,updateFrustumPoints,getRadius,updateTargetsAndMaterials,init,getPlaceholderImage,notifyParamChanged,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,setTexture,read,setMassInverse,addMaterialParam,getWorldRotation,clearValue,Shader(C),read,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,read,reload,read,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,setWidth,setZoomSpeed,clone,update,cloneForSpatial,internalUpdate,write,read,computeBlendFactors,rotateCamera,setDirection,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,setSpeed,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,write,controlRender,intersectsSphere,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),setSpeed,IsOnHeightfield2,computeAABB,AnimationTrack(C),generatePbrMaps,setEnabled,read,getPoints,loadGuiFont,setOwner,spatialTolight,isVarying,init,getPosition,write,write,write,write,setWorldMatrix,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsFrustum,intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),read,write,,read,createSimpleClone,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),write,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,importanceSampleGGX,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distance,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,WheelJoint(C),transformDirection,write,reset,,getFormatsForCaps,getRadius,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,createMass,getReactionTorque,hertelMehlhorn,getAnchor2,compare,createSky,getStart,updatePositions,render,getRotationTransform,getRadius2,getRadius,getOuterRadius,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,solvePositionConstraints,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,computeZFar,getRadius,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,rotate,controlUpdate,wrap,solve,distance,toVector3f,buildSurface,addTimeRotation,setWorldMatrix,dGeomTriMeshSetData,getRotations,cross,createVector3Buffer,getCursorPosition,sphericalToCartesian,cloneForSpatial,createNode,intersects,onFrustumChange,setRotation,read,getVolume,BoundingBox(C),toString,getRotation,convertToHalf,getDuration,write,onPlay,isEmpty,getSpeed,dGeomSetRotation,toAxes,getJoinedBodies,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,getRow,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,generateOrthonormalBasis,getRandomPoint,getCapsule,multLocal,Spline(C),read,write,read,read,getRandomPoint,getCapsule,write,write,Pose(C),read,CompactVector3Array(C),dJointGetDBallAnchor2,Fixture(C),rotate,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,getCenter,isZero,raycast,CylinderShape(C),getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,Quaternion(C),getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,isEqualTo,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,distance,_cldClipping,from,dJointGetUniversalAngle1Rate,contains,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,connectingJoint,getAxes,getRotation,getAxes,getRotation,AXES(C),update,dMultiply0_331,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,getPosition,intersectWhere,getSleepLinearVelocity,updateListenerParam,getRotation,getPosition,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,raycast,raycast,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,_cldClipCylinderToBox,collideWith,get3,IsPointInPolygon,GJKAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getPointDepth,run,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,dJointGetTransmissionAxis,dColliderFn,MakeMatrix,getDirection,getDirection,getOffsetTransform,setB,Line(C),get3,whichSide,clone,setOrigin,solveVelocityContraints,initBeforeSolve,computeAABB,getMass,setSphere,EmitterSphereShape(C),ConstraintSolver(C),_InitCylinderTrimeshData,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,dMassSetParameters,getRotation,collide,done,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,add,pos,dMultiply1,viewCol,pos,getMass,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dCollideCCTL,dColliderFn,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,run,checkMotionAllowed,toString,computeEulerAngles,dClipPolyToCircle,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,dRFromZAxis,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,AssignIslandSelection,compute_invM_JT,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,Island(C),addUniversalJoint,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,add,isEnabledAndDynamic,getMaxAngularSpeed,dCollideCapsuleSphere,updatePositions,dClearUpperTriangle,setMinMax,dClearUpperTriangle,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,AbstractShape(C),initParticleData,setConvex,dCollideSpherePlane,dCollideCapsulePlane,calculateEigen,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,simplexToPolytope2,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,setZoomSpeed,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),interpolate,parseVector3,intersect,measureAngle2,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,getRotation,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createMass,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBody(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,rotate,dConnectingJointList,dJointAddHingeTorque,dJointGetDHingeAxis,createMass,fromOpenGL,dJointSetFixed,isAllowed,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,calcScreenArea,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dJointGetSliderPosition,dJointGetPRPosition,dJointGetPistonPositionRate,render,ray_sphere_helper,getReactionTorque,dQMultiply1,ConstraintSolverData(C),dMultiply1,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,triangulate,VertexInfo(C),solvePositionConstraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,solvePositionConstraints,setAnchor,setAnchor,setArg,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,SolvedContactPoint(C),getReactionTorque,onAction,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),rotate,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,setMaxAngularSpeed,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,getInfo2,getInfo2,initBeforeSolve,collideWith,addLimot,initBeforeSolve,solvePositionContraints,initBeforeSolve,updateParticleData,set,collide,getInfo2,getLocalPointOnBody2,isOutside,getTangentialImpulse,Impulse(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),HingeJointInfo(C),SliderJointInfo(C),solve,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getSpeed]},
vertices:{[com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.light.PointLight,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey], [generateParallel,setGeometry,read,read,clone,clone,read,lookAt,AmbientLight(C),Transform(C),generate,write,computeWorldMatrix,LightProbe(C),setLocalRotation,scaleTextureCoordinates,set,read,updateListenerParam,write,getUp,read,getVelocity,read,createCapsule,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,createMass,createVector3Buffer,getRadius,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,createMass,createMass,getAxes,__ccdGJK,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,addPoint,updateLength,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),cloneForSpatial,read,getYMonotonePolygons,setVelocity,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,detachChildAt,read,validateInputData,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),gim_aabbset_alloc,getTargetVertexIndex,read,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,last,onShaderUse,read,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,link,interpolateCatmullRom,addPerturbedContacts,computeAABB,read,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,sortPlanes,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),getPosition,setConvex,CheckEdgeIntersection,dVector3Cross,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,createSapSpace,read,findMinMax,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,deleteShader,emitParticle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,rotate,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,TransformVector3,SUBTRACT,SUBTRACT,dColliderFn,write,dCollideSpherePlane,BAR2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,collideWith,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,clone,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,run,computeLocalInertiaTensor,rotate,ccdGeomToCap,duUpdateGeometryTextures,collideWith,get3,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomGetBodyNext,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getNumJoints,dCollideRayCylinder,gim_merge_contacts,write,getAngleBetween,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,solveVelocityConstraints,AnimationFactory(C),getType,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getRadius,testCollision,createCopy,getNormal,run,getAxes,write,addJointToBody,write,read,read,opposite,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,add,subtract,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,distance,write,Fixture(C),setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,BodyFixture(C),write,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,testCollision,getEigenVector,random,dSolveLCP,calcScreenArea,setRotationQuaternion,setSpatial,write,decompose,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),write,addOccluders,computeZFar,removeAllJoints,cloneForSpatial,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getRadius,getPrevious,read,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,GJKAlgorithm(C),getFarthestFeature,testAndAddDiscContact,updatePositions,read,dColliderFn,updateUniformBindings,setGeometryData,updatePositions,updateInstance,updateUniformBindings,setCamera,setCamera,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,read,isRequiresDepthTexture,getCursorPosition,read,postFrame,clearMatParams,setMassInverse,RevoluteJoint(C),deleteShaderSource,getTextureMode,JointInfo(C),getMass,dJointAddPistonForce,dJointCreateBall,createSky,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),duUpdateGeometryTextures,cleanup,write,read,dColliderFn,viewCol,dVectorScale,set,dRFromAxisAndAngle,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,glGetShader,glAttachShader,pos,triangulate,write,computeAABB,render,getInfo2,computeEulerAngles,getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Angle2Rate,solveVelocityConstraint,PrismaticJoint(C),initializeConstraints,setNumAxes,solveVelocityConstraint,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,dCROSS,VertexInfo(C),getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,getAxes,getPointDepth,getMass,write,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,getShadowCamera,CompactVector3Array(C),Bone(C),MotionEvent(C),BoneTrack(C),write,snapshot,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,write,Arrow(C),read,setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),read,setKeyframes,vRotateCamera,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,write,rotateCamera,rotateScreenAligned,read,read,initialize,update,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,dJointAddSliderForce,dJointGetPRPosition,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,dJointGetDHingeAxis,getBody,dJointSetFixed,getMass,read,isAllowed,read,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,read,setGravity,setupTextureSwizzle,bindCamera,read,cleanProbes,dCollideCapsulePlane,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setAxis2,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createMass,getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,dJointGetTransmissionAxis,dColliderFn,getInfo2,dGeomRaySet,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,setLength,toString,setAnchor,solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,setAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAnchor,DistanceJoint(C),setAnchor,checkMotionAllowed,distanceToCam,getAnchor2,distanceToCam,isEnabledAndDynamic,updateParticleData,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),setLowerLimit,initParticleData,toString,clearValue,getAnchor1,VEC_SCALE,setJ2aNegated,compute_invM_JT,dxStepIsland,solveVelocityConstraint,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,setRelativeValues,getInfo2,warmStart,getFormatsForCaps,addConstrainedBallJoint,spatialTolight,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),write,onPause,isEmpty,initBeforeSolve,getValueAsString,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,rotate,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,onAction,render,registerBinding,initialize,initialize,loadFpsText,SliderJointInfo(C),createLumShaders,render,read,getShaderGenerator,update,isLineWrap,read,setAlignment,read,setShaderGenerator,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,getScenes,visit,pos,getMass,read,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,solveVelocityContraints,getShaderParamDefineId,setArg,add,getPlaceholderImage,notifyParamChanged,makeCurrent,setEnabled,read,generateNodeMainSection,isOutside,Impulse(C),solve,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,isRequiresDepthTexture,createClone,,generatePbrMaps,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,write,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,read,read,write,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,read,read,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,write,,read,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),collide,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),isVarying,init,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,setNumAxes,getInfo2,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),reset,,addLimot,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C)]},
texture:{[com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact], [setDirection,write,setViewProjection,distanceToCam2,findBatchByMaterial,updateWorldTransforms,createCircle,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,updateInstance,duUpdateGeometryVertices,distanceSquared,compare,getTriangleIndex,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,computeVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_sort,merge,MotorJoint(C),registerBinding,initialize,write,write,getInnerRadius,loadFpsText,createLumShaders,setSpotInnerAngle,getRadius,write,convertElementMode,updateFrustumPoints,updateShadowCams,checkCulling,getScenes,setToleranceAngle,visit,degenPrologue,updateTargetsAndMaterials,getPlaceholderImage,read,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,read,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,getLocalToWorldMatrix,clearValue,Shader(C),read,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,setTexture,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,updateParticle,reload,read,createClone,updateShadowCams,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,setWidth,setEnabled,read,getPoints,setSpeed,loadGuiFont,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,triangulate,generatePbrMaps,clone,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,write,write,,createOffCamera,read,createSimpleClone,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,write,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,getSolidAngleAndVector,prefilterEnvMapTexel,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,eqProd,dBodyGetMass,setMotorSpeed,compare,isVarying,init,AnimationTrack(C),update,cloneForSpatial,read,write,read,computeBlendFactors,updateCamera,intersectsSphere,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,setSpeed,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,write,rotateScreenAligned,intersectsSphere,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),IsOnHeightfield2,DxCylinder(C),setOwner,spatialTolight,reset,,write,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),getInvRadius,filterLights,JobListener(C),getRadius,transformDirection,contains,getFormatsForCaps,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),convexCast,updatePositions,getReferenceFace,setMotorSpeed,createSky,PinJoint(C),render,getRadius2,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getRadius,distance,read,buildSurface,getRadius,getOuterRadius,getRotation,set,createVector3Buffer,getCursorPosition,pointInsideTriangle,wrap,computeZFar,solvePositionConstraints,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,warmStart,setLowerLimit,WeldJoint(C),rotate,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,controlUpdate,setKeyframes,update,dMULTIPLY0_333,cloneForSpatial,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,AnimationFactory(C),getInitialVelocity,setWorldMatrix,collideWithBoundingVolume,whichSide,clone,fromTransformMatrix,cloneFields,getMaximumRotation,whichSide,collideWith,distanceSquared,write,getOffsetTransform,write,EmitterBoxShape(C),setB,distance,clone,setPlanePoints,deepClone,toString,getMatrix,BodyFixture(C),setAxis,getLimot2,project,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,getInfo2,setAxis,createSphere,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,getRadius,AXES(C),Fixture(C),AbstractCollidable(C),setMeshes,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,VertexInfo(C),interpolateNurbs,multLocal,getVelocity,isZero,raycast,getRadius,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,distance,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getRadius,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,distance,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,read,updateMass,write,isActive,initVelocityArrays,isActive,solveVelocityContraints,enableMotor,ConstraintSolver(C),toString,BoxShape(C),scaleMatrix,CompactVector3Array(C),BoneTrack(C),getRadius,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,fillFloatBuffer,Arrow(C),collideWithVertex,getUp,parseVector3,collideWith,zoomCamera,getVelocity,intersect,BIHTriangle(C),getType,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,toString,setAxis,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,setSphereTotal,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,updateListenerParam,read,raycast,raycast,updateAABB,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,set,write,ccdGeomToCyl,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,matrixInvert,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,getBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dRFromZAxis,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,add,computeAABB,pos,dInvertPDMatrix,viewCol,pos,BAR2,getC,collideWith,createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,IsPointInPolygon,GJKAlgorithm(C),fromAxes,dColliderFn,initEvent,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,anchor2,isEmpty,AssignIslandSelection,compute_invM_JT,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland_Stage3,Island(C),addBody,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,add,isEnabledAndDynamic,getTorque,convertToHalf,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,collide,getDuration,onPause,getSpeed,Decompose,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dMatrix3Det,dPrintMatrix,dJointSetFixed,dClearUpperTriangle,isAllowed,getRadius,rotate,getRotationDiscRadius,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,simplexToPolytope2,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,getInfo2,getInfo2,dJointSetPRAnchor,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dJointCreateTransmission,getInfo2,setParams,contains,EPAAlgorithm(C),intersectBrute,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,initParticleData,dRFromAxisAndAngle,addContactPoint,computeAABB,JointInfo(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,checkMotionAllowed,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,compare,getInfo2,setMotorSpeed,enableMotor,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getInfo2,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,dCollideSpherePlane,FrictionJoint(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),updateParticleData,getSliceRadius,initParticleData,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,getTangentialImpulse,PulleyJoint(C),setGravity,setGravity,solvePositionConstraints,SolvedContactPoint(C),getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),solveVelocityConstraint,ConstraintSolverData(C),setConvex,VEC_SCALE,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,updateLength,getNumFaces,BallAndSocketJoint(C),computeAABB,getRadius,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,setAnchor,setAxes,render,HingeJointInfo(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,initialize,WireSphere(C),dCollideCapsuleSphere,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,collide,onAction,collideWith,setJ2aNegated,solve,addLimot,dCollideCapsulePlane,ThreadedProcessJobStart,dSolveCholesky,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,triangulate,calcScreenArea,getRadius1,ray_sphere_helper,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),DxSphere(C),Impulse(C),isOutside,setArg,SliderJointInfo(C),getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,getInfo2]},
square:{[com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque], [collideWith,renderFromControl,counterClockwise,computeFromPoints,getTransformMatrix,random,write,SpotLight(C),write,write,getDirection,read,transform,read,Quaternion(C),updateListenerParam,getMaximumRotation,generate,findMinMax,write,getAngleBetween,getVelocityVariation,cloneFields,write,read,read,duUpdateGeometryVertices,clone,setRotation,getRotation,isZero,raycast,clone,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,add,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,distance,write,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,createPolygonAtOrigin,visit,validateInputData,setMeshes,setVelocityVariation,write,setVelocityVariation,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,getRotation,LightProbe(C),toString,BoxShape(C),setInverseRotationRadians,BodyFixture(C),addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,IsPointInPolygon,scaleTextureCoordinates,clone,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,testAndAddDiscContact,getRadius,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),rotateScreenAligned,getRotation,Segment(C),dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,getType,initialize,getRow,getRadius,getRotation,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collide,ccdGeomToObj,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getAxes,expandPolytope,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setZoomSpeed,updateGeometry,translate,getRotation,rotate,dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,AmbientLight(C),clone,clone,setParams,getBodyCount,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,updatePositions,setBox,setRotation,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,rotate,postFrame,scaleMatrix,postQueue,CompactVector3Array(C),setLocalRotation,computeTargetDirection,getRotations,updateGeometry,toString,WireFrustum(C),attachDebugNode,createCatmullRomMesh,write,createVector3Buffer,Arrow(C),read,setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),read,write,buildAnimation,setGenerationParam,read,getRotations,getRotationSpeed,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,collideWith,read,deepClone,getLimot1,computeAABB,addTorques,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getRotation,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getYMonotonePolygons,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,DVector3Tovec3f,read,sortPlanes,rotate,setQuaternion,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,Fixture(C),getPointDepth,setBox,createLMotorJoint,read,accumulate,VertexInfo(C),checkCulling,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,gim_aabbset_alloc,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getPoint,GJKAlgorithm(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,setFiniteRotationAxis,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,Cylinder(C),distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,createDebugSphere,setAxis2,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),updateGeometry,PQTorus(C),rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setTextureMode,getQuaternion,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,findTargets,getRadius,EPAAlgorithm(C),set,dColliderFn,resetBodiesForceAndTorque,read,VEC_SCALE,render,raycast,raycast,BAR2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,applyForce,compare,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,autoDisable,updateAABB,isCollisionEnabled,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,collideWith,setConvex,dQuatInv,link,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getReactionTorque,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getReactionTorque,getTargetVertexIndex,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,getFrictionImpulse2,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),read,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,checkCulling,updateShadowCams,rotateCamera,update,dMULTIPLY0_331,rotateAboutCenter,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,collideWith,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,last,getData,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,createCopy,getNormal,run,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,getFrameBufferSamplePositions,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,ConstraintSolver(C),getC,getJoints,setQuaternion,dGeomRaySet,setValue,getSurfaceTangentRotation,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,solveVelocityContraints,getMaxMotorTorque,onStop,cleanup,solvePositionContraints,m_islandBodiesStartA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,GetBodiesArray,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,add,setAxes,getMaximumTorque,setMaximumTorque,write,initParticleData,BallAndSocketJoint(C),dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,getInfo2,DxJointDHinge(C),getMaximumMotorTorque,cloneForSpatial,dSolveLCP,DxJointHinge(C),render,addTorques,addTorques,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),render,setCamera,setCamera,FixedJoint(C),computeAABB,duUpdateGeometryIndices,getInfo2,isMotorEnabled,render,write,render,distanceToCam,createSky,DxJointFixed(C),dJointSetDBallAnchor2,onAction,rotate,lerp,getRelativeRotation,setLighting,renderGeometry,updateUniformBindings,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getRelativeRotation,getReactionTorque,updateGeometry,dQMultiply1,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,glBindTexture,modifyTexture,read,glActiveTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadFont,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,write,read,render,renderProcessing,loadFont,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,viewCol,dMultiply1,dQSetIdentity,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dMultiply1,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,setOrientation,pos,triangulate,write,init,isMotorEnabled,preFrame,setPostShadowParams,read,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,read,createClone,,dJointCreateAMotor,updatePositions,getMaximumMotorTorque,solve,reset,,read,getPlaceholderModel,renderProcessing,clone,isOutside,getCursorPosition,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,setSpatial,AnimationTrack(C),initialize,cloneForSpatial,read,read,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),initEvent,visit,read,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,read,process,MotionTrack(C),enqueueCinematicEvent,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,LastTextureState(C),write,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,generatePbrMaps,write,initEvent,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,read,write,read,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,merge,read,read,setEnabled,read,loadGuiFont,trigger,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),dJointSetPistonAnchorOffset,reloadMaterial,decompose,read,pos,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,DxJointSlider(C),addTorque,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,computeZFar,getTransformMatrix,visit,duUpdateGeometryNormals,filterLights,setArg,distanceToCam2,ConstraintSolverData(C),getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,addTorque,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,setMaxAngularSpeed,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,getInfo2,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getTangentialImpulse,getPenetrationImpulse,Impulse(C),isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,getTangentSpeed,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),SliderJointInfo(C),dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,HingeJointInfo(C),updateParticleData,set,getSpeed,initEvent,collide,isAllowed,getFormatsForCaps,addLimot,toString]},
material:{[com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.ui.Picture,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge], [setViewProjection,detachChildAt,registerBinding,getTriangleCount,doCopyBuffer,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,write,addWayPoint,write,getUp,loadFpsText,createLumShaders,setSpotInnerAngle,distanceToCam2,scale,getGeometry,add,write,duUpdateGeometryVertices,distanceSquared,compare,getContactNormal,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,computeVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Quad(C),setDirection,reload,compare,gim_aabbset_update,merge,getReactionForce,read,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,addMaterialParam,setLocalRotation,clearValue,doDisplayFrustumDebug,Shader(C),read,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),updateShadowCams,equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,setVector3,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,write,postQueue,write,loadFont,setGravity,reload,read,createClone,init,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,updateFrustumPoints,getRadius,getScenes,processTriangleData,visit,DegenEpilogue,getPlaceholderImage,setEnabled,read,getPoints,read,loadGuiFont,getMaxVerticalRotation,read,convertElementMode,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,setWidth,triangulate,clone,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,generatePbrMaps,isVarying,init,write,setInterleaved,AnimationTrack(C),update,cloneForSpatial,setDirection,write,read,computeBlendFactors,getUpVector,setDirection,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,write,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,BillboardControl(C),write,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),SetData,DxCylinder(C),getPosition,transformDirection,write,write,,read,createSimpleClone,intersectsBox,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,write,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,importanceSampleGGX,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distance,dBodyGetMass,solvePositionConstraints,rotate,setOwner,spatialTolight,reset,,getRadius,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),generateDeclarationAndMainBody,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),raycast,getReferenceFace,getFormatsForCaps,solvePositionConstraints,compare,getStart,updatePositions,getReactionForce,createSky,render,computeZFar,getRotation,solvePositionConstraints,solve,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,AngleJoint(C),solveVelocityConstraints,write,toVector3f,buildSurface,read,write,read,rotate,getCenter,cross,addInBuffer,getCursorPosition,asin,clearUpperTriangle,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,DxGimpact(C),setWorldMatrix,computeAABB,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,read,getTranslations,addKeyFrameTranslation,getMaximumRotation,setRotationQuaternion,write,getFarthestFeature,collideWithBoundingVolume,contains,setLocation,transformInverseVector,read,applyTorque,setOrigin,isActive,initVelocityArrays,read,setInitialVelocity,isActive,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,solveVelocityConstraint,update,dDOT,subtract,isZero,raycast,getHeight,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,dot,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,distance,getRandomPoint,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,mergeLocal,ConstraintSolver(C),BodyFixture(C),toString,BoxShape(C),dJointSetTransmissionAxis,Fixture(C),equals,getRandomPoint,setMeshes,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,setAxis,setAxis2,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setAnchor,setAxis,createQuadTreeSpace,getAxes,getHalfHeight,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,penEPAPos,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,getCenter,CheckEdgeIntersection,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,ccdGeomToCap,setSourceParams,getLocation,read,getPosition,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomGetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setPosition,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,raycast,raycast,dJointAddAMotorTorques,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,dJointSetFixed,setAnchor2,isEnabledAndDynamic,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,viewCol,dVectorScale,set,dRFromAxisAndAngle,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dVector3Add,dotRow,dMultiply1,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,gim_trimesh_update_aabbset,setOrientation,getEigenVector,pos,triangulate,getPointDepth,getC,collideWith,get3,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getInfo2,initializeConstraints,GJKAlgorithm(C),getPosition,dColliderFn,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,getTranslations,oppositeLocal,getBody,addForceAtPos,read,isAllowed,mergeLocal,createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,getC,getJoints,getRadius,setBox,contains,setUpVector,rotate,addFixture,rotateAboutCenter,getNegativeEnd,dColliderFn,getHeight,done,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getInfo2,dJointSetPRAnchor,computeInitialRelativeRotation,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,collide,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,GetPointFromBarycentric,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,getRandomPointAndNormal,setAxis1,dJointCreateBall,compute_invM_JT,dxStepIsland_Stage3,render,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,getWorldBindPosition,onPlay,getInfo2,dCollideSpherePlane,solvePositionConstraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,solvePositionConstraints,setAnchor,setAnchor,setJ2aNegated,setGravity,getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,setGravity,add,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,Line(C),getDirection,dColliderFn,onAction,Rotation(C),setFrictionImpulse2,checkMotionAllowed,setLimitsEnabled,solvePositionConstraint,setAxis2,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,pos,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),adjustMass,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),Slice(C),addContactPoint,getInfo2,getInfo2,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,solvePositionContraints,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,updateLength,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,getPointDepth,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,ConstraintSolverData(C),getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,updateParticleData,initParticleData,dColliderFn,fromBoundingSphere,warmstart,set,dColliderFn,intersectWhere,setConvex,whichSide,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,read,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),solvePositionConstraint,findMinMax,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,computeAABB,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getTangentialImpulse,write,isOutside,Impulse(C),Triangle(C),HingeJointInfo(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,get3,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TriangleData(C),getCenter,calcScreenArea,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,Spline(C),read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,Pose(C),read,CompactVector3Array(C),initParticleData,setAnchor,convertToHalf,setArg,collide,collideWith,SliderJointInfo(C),setB,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),interpolate,parseVector3,getInfo2,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),solve,addLimot,VertexInfo(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious]},
triangle:{[com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace], [visit,read,read,scaleTextureCoordinates,read,setVelocity,read,write,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,read,generate,setGeometry,asin,read,last,onNewTexture,flipAlongTheYAxis,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,createMass,createVector3Buffer,getRadius,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,createMass,createMass,getAxes,__ccdGJK,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,addPoint,updateLength,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,loadCapabilitiesGL2,clone,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),set,computeAABB,createTriangulation,call,get,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,setMaterial,setMaterial,call,oldClone,contains,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,toString,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,addPerturbedContacts,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,validateInputData,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),TransformVector3,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,doBatch,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,SUBTRACT,SUBTRACT,dColliderFn,read,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,run,Camera(C),dColliderFn,getPosition,setConvex,CheckEdgeIntersection,dVector3CrossMat3Col,read,createSapSpace,read,collideWith,cloneForSpatial,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,getAxes,getConvexDecomposition,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,solveVelocityConstraints,AnimationFactory(C),getLitGeometriesInViewPort,dColliderFn,collideWith,get3,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getRadius,testCollision,addJointToBody,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,updateListenerParam,read,getUp,read,getVelocity,setPrefilteredMap,BAR2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,read,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,toTransformMatrix,computeLocalInertiaTensor,read,dMassSetCapsule,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomGetBodyNext,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getNumJoints,dCollideRayCylinder,dSolveLCP,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,Fixture(C),read,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,BodyFixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,getRandomPointAndNormal,write,getRandomPointAndNormal,getAngleBetween,getEigenVector,ccdGeomToCap,write,dCollideSpherePlane,makeCurrent,write,read,generateOrthonormalBasis,fromRotationMatrix,step,setRotationQuaternion,findTargets,write,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,add,subtract,getMagnitudeSquared,eqProd,isUnit,length,SpotLight(C),lengthSquared,lengthSquared,distance,read,GJKAlgorithm(C),write,findMinMax,duUpdateGeometryTextures,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,modifyTexture,setTexture,renderGeometryList,updateUniformBindings,JointInfo(C),getJoinedBodies,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),viewCol,dVectorScale,set,dQFromAxisAndAngle,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,pos,triangulate,cloneFields,computeAABB,getFarthestFeature,dMultiply1_331,setEnableCurrentCam,getInfo2,setEulerReferenceVectors,getInfo2,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,dJointCreateTransmission,solveVelocityConstraint,getAnchor1,getAnchor2,setNumAxes,solveVelocityConstraint,setLimits,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,dJointAddPistonForce,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,AnimationEvent(C),dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,ChaseCameraAppState(C),getSpeed,setMovedCallback,zoomCamera,getFixture1,initEvent,read,initCamera,setGravity,MotionEvent(C),setupTextureSwizzle,read,getMaterial,addOccluders,computeZFar,computeOffset,dJointGetPRAnchor,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,getCursorPosition,postQueue,init,getMaterial,BoneTrack(C),setKeyframes,getBody,dJointSetFixed,read,isAllowed,calcScreenArea,VertexInfo(C),duplicateCubeMap,setAxes,read,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,write,onPause,isEmpty,getShadowCamera,CompactVector3Array(C),Bone(C),read,initialize,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,read,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),random,read,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,write,write,read,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,dJointGetDHingeAxis,updateInstance,getRadius,testAndAddDiscContact,dJointGetDBallAnchor2,getAnchor,updateParticleData,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),setLowerLimit,initParticleData,setLength,toString,setAnchor,setAngularTarget,getAnchor1,setAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAnchor,DistanceJoint(C),setAnchor,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,LightList(C),decompose,dColliderFn,getOccludersToRender,checkCulling,read,setJ2aNegated,getAnchor1,render,updatePositions,getColor,read,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,getOccludersToRender,cloneForSpatial,solveVelocityConstraint,dColliderFn,duUpdateGeometryTextures,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,updatePositions,checkMotionAllowed,setRelativeValues,getInfo2,clearValue,solvePositionContraints,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAxes,getPointDepth,setCapsule,setGeometryData,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,getMaterial,readList,read,getValueAsString,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,getLight,write,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),setCamera,setCamera,setCamera,createMass,rotate,write,read,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,setEnabled,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,render,toString,addUniversalJoint,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),setTextureMode,dGeomRaySet,createSky,initBeforeSolve,render,onAction,getRadius,render,setPoi,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,lightToSpatial,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,dCollideCapsulePlane,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,distanceToCam,dColliderFn,setScene,solveVelocityContraints,dColliderFn,distanceToCam,pos,getC,add,buildShader,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,Technique(C),renderProcessing,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,setArg,SliderJointInfo(C),render,renderMeshFromGeometry,isOutside,initParticleData,reset,,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,solve,updateGeometry,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,done,init,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,addToInstancedGeometry,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),Impulse(C),,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getFormatsForCaps,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,reloadMaterial,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,setNumAxes,getInfo2,setEnabled,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,attachChild,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,filterLights,addLimot,visit,initialize,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C)]},
collision:{[org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener], [getBodyCount,isCollisionEnabled,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeNextAvailableBodyID,setSleepLinearVelocity,GJKAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,solveVelocityConstraint,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,solveVelocityConstraints,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,plusEq,JointInfo(C),setLinearVelocity,getVelocity,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRadius,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,rotate,setInitialVelocity,Fixture(C),getRotationDiscRadius,getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,read,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),addWayPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,raycast,raycast,getContactNormal,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,scaleTextureCoordinates,testCollision,dGeomTriMeshSetData,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getReactionForce,addKeyFrameTranslation,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,contains,collideWith,get3,MakeMatrix,setVelocity,dColliderFn,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,dColliderFn,coplanar_tri_tri,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,CONSTRUCTPLANE,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dColliderFn,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,run,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,doCopyBuffer,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,copyRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createSapSpace,dBodySetTorque,dCollideRayCylinder,createMass,getDistanceSquare,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,addPerturbedContacts,computeAABB,ccdGeomToCap,FOO2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getMaxAxis,setMinMax,gim_merge_contacts,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,createCopy,getNormal,run,getAxes,link,setAngularVelocity,setParams,getTargetVertexIndex,getRotation,getRadius,getRadius,dCollideSpherePlane,__ccdGJK,ccdPtEdgeVec3,get,last,getData,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,populateFromBuffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,getVertices,getFarthestPoint,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,addPoint,parity,updateLength,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,read,setConvex,setLocation,IsPointInPolygon,dVector3LengthSquare,whichSide,computeWorldMatrix,updateGeometry,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,read,get3,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),DegenEpilogue,FetchTriangleCount,setLocalScale,call,compare,contains,rotateAboutCenter,getConvexDecomposition,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getDirection,getRandomPointAndNormal,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,add,rotateAroundOrigin,Quaternion(C),angleBetween,dot,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,setPosition,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,dotCol,getRandomPoint,interpolateCatmullRom,collideWith,setSourceParams,getVelocity,read,getVelocity,intersectsBox,computeLastDistance,write,setDirection,transformInverseVector,getFarthestFeature,cloneForSpatial,getInitialVelocity,getRadius,setRelativeValues,getInfo2,dJointSetDHingeAxis,getAxis2,computeInitialRelativeRotation,getEigenVector,testAndAddDiscContact,calcScreenArea,findMinMax,dSolveLCP,dColliderFn,getInfo2,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,read,fromRotationMatrix,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dJointSetFixed,dJointSetDBallAnchor2,getInertia,updatePositions,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,solveVelocityContraints,TriangleData(C),getCenter,getAxes,_cldInitCylinderBox,getReactionForce,getPointDepth,rotate,TST1,dColliderFn,multAcross,write,write,isOutside,getTranslations,dInvertMatrix3,getTranslations,DxRagdollBody(C),fromOpenGL,addForceAtPos,dRFromAxisAndAngle,read,isAllowed,initializeConstraints,setDirection,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,solve,dJointSetPistonAxisDelta,dJointCreateBall,BallAndSocketJoint(C),modifyTexture,setVector3,preloadScene,updateUniformBindings,dJointSetSliderAxisDelta,computeInitialRelativeRotation,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,dotColCol,dVectorScale,mult,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,isEq,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRFromAxisAndAngle,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,R,triangulate,write,read,init,doDisplayFrustumDebug,updateShadowCams,getRadius,getRadius,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,createDebugSphere,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,getCenter,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,dJointSetTransmissionAnchor1,getWorldBindPosition,Rotation(C),setFrictionImpulse2,zoomCamera,dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,render,validateInputData,getCenter,onAction,lightToSpatial,read,prefilterEnvMapTexel,setUpVector,getColor,read,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,getUpVector,updateParticleData,rotate,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),initializeConstraints,initializeConstraints,initParticleData,BillboardControl(C),dJointGetHinge2Anchor,dJointSetAMotorAxis,dWorldImpulseToForce,render,read,solvePositionConstraints,computeCurrentHingeAngle,initBeforeSolve,dGeomRaySet,getInfo2,dJointSetLMotorAxis,setNumAxes,write,getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,VEC_SCALE,getDirection,read,process,computeZFar,onPlay,write,read,ThreadedProcessJobStart,write,setValue,buildShader,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,render,write,render,renderProcessing,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,initializeConstraints,initParticleData,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,decompose,getBody2,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,solvePositionConstraints,remove,initializeConstraints,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setPoi,setCamera,setCamera,reset,,setArg,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,Line(C),getNegativeEnd,StripBox(C),setSpatial,updateInstance,init,write,write,write,write,initialize,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,read,MotionTrack(C),done,getPosition,renderProcessing,write,,read,read,write,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,write,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,importanceSampleGGX,read,setWidth,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setMatParams,setMatParams,setJ2aNegated,computeFrictionVectors,setEnabled,read,getPoints,Impulse(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,initBeforeSolve,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,solve,reloadMaterial,getI,rotate,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,R,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,deserialize,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,setNumAxes,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,getStart,Spline(C),read,toVector3f,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,Pose(C),read,getInfo2,distanceToCam,filterLights,getTransformMatrix,visit,setB,HingeJointInfo(C),duUpdateGeometryVertices,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,SliderJointInfo(C),applyVelocityVariation,createSky,distanceToCam2,getTangentialImpulse,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,render,addLimot,ConstraintSolverData(C),collide,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),getFormatsForCaps,getCursorPosition,VertexInfo(C),WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),interpolate,parseVector3,solveVelocityContraints,checkMotionAllowed]},
collidable:{[org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,VarType(C),com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener], [BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,run,doCopyBuffer,updateWorldBound,getMaxAxis,setMinMax,computeLocalInertiaTensor,read,collideWith,scaleTextureCoordinates,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,getContactNormal,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,solveVelocityConstraints,dGeomTriMeshSetData,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getAnchor2,addKeyFrameTranslation,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRadius,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getRadius,testCollision,DVector3Tovec3f,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,solveContactsAndConstraints,setInitialVelocity,dMassSetCapsule,CONSTRUCTPLANE,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dColliderFn,getDistanceSquare,dColliderFn,contains,collideWith,get3,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,getTargetVertexIndex,getRotation,getAxes,createMass,updateLength,getRadius,addPerturbedContacts,computeAABB,setVelocity,link,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,last,onNewTexture,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,flipAlongTheYAxis,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,normalizeVector3,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,createMass,__ccdGJK,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,read,addPoint,parity,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,setMeshes,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),addWayPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,get3,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),plusEq,createTriangulation,call,get,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),DegenEpilogue,FetchTriangleCount,setLocalScale,call,unassociateFromGroupNode,compare,contains,rotateAboutCenter,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,getAxes,interpolateCatmullRom,getBodyCount,read,setLocation,getConvexDecomposition,BAR2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createSapSpace,getMaxAngularSpeed,dCollideRayCylinder,getDirection,GJKAlgorithm(C),setParams,setConvex,CheckEdgeIntersection,dVector3LengthSquare,whichSide,read,updateListenerParam,getVelocity,getVelocity,read,getVelocity,ccdGeomToCap,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,intersectsBox,dCollideSpherePlane,cloneForSpatial,dSolveLCP,setDirection,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,transformInverseVector,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,rotateAroundOrigin,JointInfo(C),isKinematic,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,angleBetween,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,add,subtract,dot,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,add,isUnit,length,setPosition,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,dotCol,getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),setAngularVelocity,setTranslation,findTargets,write,modifyTexture,setVector3,renderGeometryList,updateUniformBindings,getFarthestFeature,dotColCol,dVectorScale,mult,dRFromAxisAndAngle,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,isEq,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,getEigenVector,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,R,triangulate,cloneFields,computeAABB,dPlaneSpace,updateFrustumPoints2,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),getInitialVelocity,dJointSetFixed,getAnchor2,getInfo1,dJointCreateTransmission,setAxes,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,findMinMax,getRadius,calcScreenArea,testAndAddDiscContact,getDirection,getMaterial,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getPrevious,LightList(C),lookAt,makeCurrent,TriangleData(C),getCenter,initializeConstraints,addOccluders,computeZFar,solveVelocityContraints,_cldInitCylinderBox,dColliderFn,getInertia,updatePositions,getTranslations,swap,BallAndSocketJoint(C),setRelativeValues,getInfo2,dJointGetDHingeAxis,getTranslations,dJointAddHingeTorque,displayShadowMap,getAxes,DxRagdollBody(C),setMovedCallback,read,isAllowed,initializeConstraints,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,computeOffset,dJointAddPRTorque,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,setEnableCurrentCam,read,write,setDirection,onPlay,AnimationEvent(C),isEmpty,getSpeed,getPointDepth,setCapsule,validateInputData,getCenter,getColor,read,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,decompose,setMotorSpeed,DxWorld(C),zoomCamera,getSpeed,setUpVector,ContactConstraint(C),initCamera,impulseToForce,setupTextureSwizzle,dJointAddAMotorTorques,enableMotor,dColliderFn,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,initializeConstraints,enableMotor,getWorldBindPosition,setDirection,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,addBody,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,solve,getInfo2,getInfo2,setNumAxes,solveVelocityConstraints,toString,setAnchor,initializeConstraints,setAxis,solveVelocityConstraints,setAnchor,initializeConstraints,setAnchor,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,read,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,setGeometryData,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,createMass,getPointDepth,write,getCenter,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,onAction,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,init,doDisplayFrustumDebug,updateShadowCams,vRotateCamera,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),updateParticleData,rotate,solveVelocityConstraints,initParticleData,render,render,setCamera,setCamera,getWrapMode,StripBox(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,setJ2aNegated,dColliderFn,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),setPoi,isOutside,getPoints,lightToSpatial,rotateScreenAligned,getTextureValue,equals,setTextureTypeHint,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,setCamera,getLight,setEnabled,PointLightShadowFilter(C),SpotLightShadowFilter(C),clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getSolidAngleAndVector,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,getMaterial,readList,read,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,getControlPoints,read,toVector3f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,write,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,deserialize,VEC_SCALE,dGeomRaySet,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,setMinMax,getLengths,R,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,hashCode,setNumAxes,getMass,Line(C),getNegativeEnd,getInfo2,setB,initBeforeSolve,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,render,renderProcessing,render,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,setOrigin,solveVelocityConstraints,render,HingeJointInfo(C),reset,,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,setScene,createSky,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,done,init,,getPosition,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,setWidth,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,onGeometryUnassociated,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),setArg,ConstraintSolverData(C),rotate,getTangentialImpulse,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getCursorPosition,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,collide,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setEnabled,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),distanceToCam,setTransformRefresh,reloadMaterial,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,solveVelocityContraints,addLimot,filterLights,visit,solve,Impulse(C),updateGeometry,Box(C),GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),distanceToCam2,getFormatsForCaps,VertexInfo(C),SliderJointInfo(C),interpolateNurbs,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,checkMotionAllowed]},
velocity:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison], [ConstraintSolver(C),update,ParticleEmitter(C),getMaterial,setWarmStartDistance,read,isOnIsland,setOrigin,isCollisionEnabled,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,influenceParticle,toString,influenceParticle,isCollisionAllowed,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,getMaxMotorTorque,initializeConstraints,initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getRelativeRotation,getReactionTorque,updateGeometry,getRelativeRotation,initialize,setLimitsEnabled,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setLimitEnabled,getJointSpeed,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getBodies,solveTOI,autoDisable,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,add,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,setFiniteRotationAxis,solve,updateFilter,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,setVolume,solveVelocityConstraint,create,ConstraintSolverData(C),addRelForceAtPos,isMotorEnabled,oppositeLocal,initParticleData,solvePositionConstraint,Impulse(C),collideWith,toString,Triangle(C),SliderJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,setGravity,getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,MotionEvent(C),ChaseCamera(C),updateViewProjection,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,dGeomGetCollideBits,setKeyframes,setLocalRotation,invert,onStop,dJointSetHingeAnchor,getInfo2,getInfo2,getInfo2,getInfo2,getTangentSpeed,dJointSetAMotorAxis,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getVector3Array,setValue,HingeJointInfo(C),zoomCamera,getInfo2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),render,spaceCollide2,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,getI,getVertices,getI,getRadius,getI,updateAABB,contains,getLimot2,dJointSetLMotorAxis,fixRefreshFlags,get,setParamFudgeFactor,dJointSetDHingeAxis,getMode,getBody2,setBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,dJointCreateTransmission,getCollideBits,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),setMatrix4,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,trigger,getMatrix,getWorldBound,addKeyFrameScale,onAction,toString,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isOutside,initialize,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRadius,lerp,getHalfHeight,length,read,toString,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,snapshot,fillFloatBuffer,onStop,setAxis,dMULTIPLYOP1_333,getWrapMode,read,read,clone,write,collideWith,collideWith,pointInsideTriangle,duplicateCubeMap,deepClone,postQueue,degenPrologue,scaleMatrix,createFrustum,write,deepClone,deepClone,updateGeometry,equals,WireFrustum(C),clone,clone,attachDebugNode,createCatmullRomMesh,write,updateGeometry,Arrow(C),toVector4f,setImage,computeLastDistance,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),random,read,generate,collideWith,write,setGenerationParam,computeLastDistance,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,preFrame,updateGeometry,computeLastDistance,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),computeFromPoints,intersectsBox,DESTRUCTOR,set,ConvexMeshShape(C),BoxShape(C),collide,collide2,updateWorldTransforms,VertexInfo(C),HalfEllipse(C),generateUniforms,addFaceCandidate,getInfo2,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,cloneFields,updateParticleData,set,getFarthestFeature,initParticleData,project,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),getLight,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),collideWithRay,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,dRSetIdentity,updateFrustumPoints,setArg,lengthSquared,fromOpenGL,dBoxTouchesBox,dMakeRandomMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,dRFromEulerAngles,read,isAllowed,hertelMehlhorn,wrap,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,write,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,JointInfo(C),dCollideCCTL,Decompose,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,ray_sphere_helper,dotCol,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setLengths,DVector3RowTView(C),dotCol,setAnchor,dColliderFn,setMinMax,collide,R,setAnchor2,equals,reTranspose,getNormal,dColliderFn,setParams,clone,setAxis,setMode,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dLDLTAddTL,DxHeightfieldData(C),TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,DVector3ColView(C),equals,makeGeometry,Rw,difference,dColliderFn,read,validateInputData,setMeshes,ccdVec3Normalize,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,getInfo2,BoundingSphereDebug(C),distanceToCam,GetSupportSide,isCollisionEnabled,setLight,dGeomSpherePointDepth,clone,setBound,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),attachChild,getHeight,clone,setWorldMatrix,clone,minkowskiSum,angleBetween,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getVolume,createMass,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),BitmapFont(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,createFrustum,read,setSpatial,applySkinning,preFrame,getLight,write,getCapsule,controlRender,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),isZero,raycast,getSimplex,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,TriangleEPA(C),lengthSquared,update,convertToHalf,dFactorCholesky,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,updateGeometry,setGeometryData,updateGeometry,render,ccdCollide,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,intersectWhere,makeCurrent,setCamera,dCollideCapsuleSphere,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,setGeometryData,dCollideCapsulePlane,setViewProjection,computeAABB,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,addContact,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,getType,clone,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,collide,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,loadFont,reload,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,gim_aabbset_update,duUpdateGeometryNormals,duUpdateGeometryVertices,detachChildAt,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,onMeshDrawn,convertElementMode,cloneForSpatial,read,addLimot,updatePositions,getGeometry,add,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,triangulate,createLumShaders,setEnabled,doubleSize,getPlaceholderImage,calcScreenArea,read,isVarying,init,distanceToCam2,clone,collide,translate,getScenes,visit,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,makeCurrent,extractIndirectLights,makeCurrent,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,glUniformMatrix3,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dColliderFn,reset,,dColliderFn,update,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getCursorPosition,dColliderFn,updateProbe,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,createCopy,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,getNormal,run,hashCode,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,setEnabled,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,computeBlendFactors,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsBox,visit,cloneForSpatial,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,setConvex,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),dColliderFn,computeZFar,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,penEPAPos,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,createSky,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,detect,detect,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dSolveLCP,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,testCollision,dColliderFn,collideWith,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,triangulate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,compare]},
mass:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext], [update,m_islandBodiesStartA,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getBodies,removeAllJoints,getMaterial,autoDisable,ConstraintSolver(C),isOnIsland,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,Island(C),getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,setFiniteRotationAxis,isCollisionAllowed,initializeConstraints,setMaximumTorque,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getJointAngle,getReactionTorque,updateGeometry,getRelativeRotation,getJointSpeed,solve,setLimitsEnabled,solvePositionConstraint,initialize,setLimitEnabled,setBox,getVertices,create,getI,getRadius,getI,createPlane,equals,Rectangle(C),setAutoDisableDefaults,getMotorSpeed,getMotorSpeed,FixedJoint(C),getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,setGravity,getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,toString,MotionEvent(C),Impulse(C),setLightListRefresh,Triangle(C),SliderJointInfo(C),computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,dJointSetHingeAnchor,DxJointFixed(C),getInfo2,dJointSetPistonAnchor,getInfo2,ConstraintSolverData(C),dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,setAxis,getTangentSpeed,setWarmStartDistance,read,ParticleEmitter(C),write,isCollisionEnabled,getInitialVelocity,getVelocity,setInitialVelocity,isCollisionAllowed,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getInfo2,dGeomGetCollideBits,onPause,HingeJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,getFarthestFeature,Ellipse(C),toString,getLimot2,dJointSetLMotorAxis,dJointSetDHingeAxis,getMode,setParamFudgeFactor,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,dJointCreateBall,getCollideBits,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),selectTechnique,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,trigger,getMatrix,createVector2Buffer,isOutside,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),collide,collide2,updateWorldLightList,riseCamera,ChaseCamera(C),setTarget,getAngleBetween,rotate,fixRefreshFlags,addFixture,equals,getRadius,lerp,distance,read,toString,setAxis,fillFloatBuffer,dMULTIPLYOP0_331,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,generateUniforms,getInfo2,addFaceCandidate,bindCamera,_cldClipPolyToPlane,fromFrame,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,clearUpperTriangle,addKeyFrameScale,updateParticleData,set,write,setPlaneState,getFarthestFeature,initParticleData,JointInfo(C),getVelocity,opposite,dCreatePlane,project,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),dRSetIdentity,transformVector,addLight,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,getLight,updateInstances,clone,isCollisionEnabled,clone,getHeight,clone,createPolygonalEllipse,read,lengthSquared,clone,fromOpenGL,dClipEdgeToPlane,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,dWtoDQ,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),render,setSourceParams,validate,collideWith,setCamera,setArg,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,attachChild,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setLight,initParticleData,set,getCursorPosition,pointInsideTriangle,CreateCatmullRomPath,setMatParams,setMatParams,onAction,VEC_SCALE,getPointDepth,updateGeometry,setGeometryData,getType,getRandomPoint,write,setConvex,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,ccdGeomToObj,read,_cldClipCylinderToBox,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,initVertexData,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,dGeomSpherePointDepth,createDebugSphere,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,setGeometryData,updateGeometry,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,setSpatial,getRadius,addContact,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,dBoxBox,FetchTransformedTriangle,DVector3RowTView(C),dotCol,setAnchor,dCollideBTL,setMinMax,collide,R,setAnchor2,equals,reTranspose,getNormal,dCollideBTL,clone,deserialize,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,dMultiply1,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),preFrame,equals,makeGeometry,Rw,difference,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_create_from_data,getTriangleCount,getPoint,gim_aabbset_ray_collision,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dGeomTriMeshGetPoint,allocatePlaneBuffer,dCollideCapsuleSphere,convertToHalf,getVolume,getInfo2,ccdVec3Normalize,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),updatePositions,setLeftPlane,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,clone,getEdgeTo,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,doubleSize,dCollideCapsulePlane,getTriangleIndex,cloneForSpatial,clone,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,read,getValueAsString,clone,getCapsule,read,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),read,merge,read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,clone,read,setSpatial,read,preFrame,getLight,write,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,collideWithRay,getDefinition,merge,angleBetween,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),VertexInfo(C),duplicateCubeMap,duUpdateGeometryIndices,computeUnionBound,dColliderFn,generate,postFrame,calculateEigen,whichSide,snapshot,getTriangleIndex,WireFrustum(C),clone,clone,write,createCatmullRomMesh,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Arrow(C),setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,read,setVelocity,detachChildAt,setGenerationParam,LightProbe(C),setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,getVelocity,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,translate,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,setCamera,getFlyByCamera,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,addLimot,cleanup,getType,clone,dColliderFn,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,collide,collide,setEnabled,validateInputData,cloneFields,cloneForSpatial,cloneFields,distanceToCam,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),LightControl(C),Fixture(C),render,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,AmbientLight(C),setCamera,setCamera,distanceToCam,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,transformDirection,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,loadModel,render,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadModel,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,PLANE_CLIP_SEGMENT_CLOSEST,dMultiply1,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,updateShaderUniforms,initialize,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,collideWith,setLighting,setLightFilter,testCollision,makeCurrent,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,addMaterialParam,setValue,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),render,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,createLumShaders,getPlaceholderModel,,createSimpleClone,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,toString,generatePbrMaps,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setEnabled,detachChildAt,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,isVarying,init,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,reset,,extractIndirectLights,getGeometry,add,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,addOccluders,computeZFar,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,getScenes,visit,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,createSky,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),makeCurrent,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,compare,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,getFormatsForCaps,checkMotionAllowed,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,createCopy,getNormal,run,setConvex,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace]},
matrix3:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact], [dInitColliders,dMassSetCapsule,reTranspose,dCollideBTL,setCapsule,lengthSquared,dCollideBTL,setLengths,pos,dFactorCholesky,clone,Rw,dColliderFn,getMass,add,dQSetIdentity,FetchTriangleCount,dQMultiply1,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dInvertMatrix3,dLDLTAddTL,getInfo2,setJ2aNegated,allocateTriangleBuffer,dClipEdgeToPlane,ray_sphere_helper,ccdGeomToCap,setBall2,getNumJoints,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dJointAddPistonForce,getInfo2,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,loadCapabilitiesGL2,computeGlobalAxes,getCollideBits,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getInfo2,ccdVec3Normalize,getRadius1,_cldClipCylinderToBox,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,DVector3RowTView(C),dJointGetPRPosition,createCapsule,setAnchor,updateParticleData,from,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setParams,setMaxAngularSpeed,read,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,dJointAddSliderForce,getInfo2,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),anchor1,PssmShadowFilter(C),equals,makeGeometry,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,dColliderFn,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,getInfo2,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,solveVelocityConstraints,CheckEdgeIntersection,DxSphere(C),Circle(C),getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,getRadius,AXES(C),lengthSquare,write,write,transformVector,swap,unassociateFromGroupNode,read,setIsSleeping,lookAt,setAutoDisableDefaults,fromAxes,setMaterial,setFrustumPerspective,cloneFields,fixRefreshFlags,computeBoundForPoints,setArg,setCamera,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,setTransformRefresh,read,DxRagdoll(C),DxCylinder(C),createVector2Buffer,getWrapMode,subEq,MAT_DOT_VEC_3X3,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,setOrientation,getEigenVector,equals,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,convexCast,triangulate,cloneFields,read,lengthSquared,WireSphere(C),renderSubScene,setLighting,contentEquals,collideWithRay,getRadius,BoundingSphereDebug(C),solveVelocityConstraints,addLimot,collide,dConnectingJointList,enableMotor,warmstart,solveVelocityConstraints,setLimitEnabled,lengthSquared,dJointSetFixed,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,WheelJoint(C),computeCurrentHingeAngle,getMaterial,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,addKeyFrameScale,Listener(C),Rotation(C),MotionEvent(C),setFrictionImpulse2,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),initialize,dColliderFn,init,warmstart,ChaseCamera(C),updateParticleData,lerp,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getFarthestFeature,getSliceRadius,solveVelocityConstraints,zoomCamera,Rectangle(C),EPAAlgorithm(C),setAxes,clone,updateTargetsAndMaterials,write,dColliderFn,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,displayShadowMap,merge,gim_aabbset_box_collision,duUpdateGeometryNormals,mergeGeometries,makeCurrent,length,read,buildSurface,duplicateCubeMap,onAction,Body(C),onStop,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,removeFixture,toString,length,distanceSquared,isCollisionAllowed,solveVelocityConstraints,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage1,run,duUpdateGeometryIndices,dColliderFn,addOccluders,computeZFar,clear,getRadius,createRigidBody,collide,getShadowCamera,solvePositionContraints,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,render,dColliderFn,read,dColliderFn,checkCulling,getShadowCam,getShadowCam,DESTRUCTOR,createNode,Cylinder(C),updateGeometry,render,collideWith,updateFilter,read,createPolygonalSliceAtOrigin,Segment(C),createMass,HingeJointInfo(C),createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,processTriangleData,intersectsSphere,clone,getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),pointInsideTriangle,clone,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,LightList(C),duUpdateGeometryVertices,collideWith,write,write,intersectsSphere,deepClone,setB,intersectsSphere,orthogonalLineFit,Triangle(C),setPlanePoints,deepClone,write,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,setConvex,solvePositionConstraints,toString,isCollisionAllowed,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,applyVelocityVariation,influenceParticle,gim_merge_contacts,generateNodeMainSection,influenceParticle,isVelocityFromTranslation,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,generate,deepClone,snapshot,toString,WireFrustum(C),disableDebugShape,createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setTexture,computeLastDistance,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getInnerRadius,computeLastDistance,parseVector3,collideWith,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),updateLength,getInfo2,distanceToCam,update,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),computeFrictionVectors,getBody2,setBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,read,VertexInfo(C),gim_triangle_triangle_collision,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,render,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,simplexToPolytope2,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isOutside,toString,read,loadMaterial,initialize,getColor,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setEnableCurrentCam,getDuration,write,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),getInertia,clone,BoxShape(C),ContactManifold(C),WarmStartingContactManager(C),getCursorPosition,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,getType,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),Impulse(C),setModelBound,toString,Triangle(C),distanceToCam,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,link,getLight,setEnabled,PointLightShadowFilter(C),SpotLightShadowFilter(C),cloneForSpatial,intersectsSphere,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,getMaterial,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,setCamera,dCollideSpherePlane,getJoints,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,clone,computeClosestPointOfObject,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getTangentialImpulse,SliderJointInfo(C),getVolume,getTargetVertexIndex,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,getData,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,renderProcessing,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setShaderFile,reset,,compare,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,Technique(C),updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,updateProbe,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,calcScreenArea,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,init,updateGeometry,intersectsSphere,computeBlendFactors,update,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),populateProbes,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,getSpeed,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,onGeometryUnassociated,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,reloadMaterial,createSky,JointInfo(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,filterLights,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,TriangleData(C),visit,solveVelocityContraints,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),updateAABB,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,testCollision,cloneForSpatial,dCollideCapsuleSphere,Fixture(C),solve,setEnabled,testCollision,getFormatsForCaps,getInfo2]},
vec3:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver], [dColliderFn,getPointDepth,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,gim_aabbset_alloc,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,dColliderFn,set,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,dColliderFn,VEC_SCALE,dBodyGetRotation,fromBoundingSphere,dJointGetTransmissionAxis,getRadius,getPoint,dMatrix3Det,ccdGeomToObj,clone,getAxes,rotate,getRadius,getType,getRotation,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,updateGeometry,distance,clone,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRotation,processTriangle,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,rotate,getRotation,createDebugSphere,distanceToNearPlane,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,setGeometryData,computeFromTris,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setTextureMode,getQuaternion,getRotation,clone,getCenter,createHingeJoint,clone,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,applySkinning,getRadius,dColliderFn,setZoomSpeed,dColliderFn,rotate,Decompose,dGeomSetRotation,transform,dCollideCapsuleSphere,set,applyTorque,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,getRandomPoint,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,clone,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getTriangle,getYMonotonePolygons,sphericalToCartesian,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,doubleSize,apply,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,translate,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,setConvex,Segment(C),dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dJointCreateHinge,testCollision,intersectBrute,computeAABB,dColliderFn,rotateAboutCenter,rotateCamera,getRotationSpeed,setRotationQuaternion,findMinMax,mergeGeometries,dColliderFn,clone,AmbientLight(C),clone,LightProbe(C),intersects,getVolume,isEmpty,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,cleanup,getInertia,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),isVelocityFromTranslation,isZero,raycast,getMaximumRotation,getSimplex,add,set,getRotationAngleAxis,angleBetween,distance,distanceSquared,getMagnitudeSquared,add,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,dotCol,SetupInitialContext,adjustMass,BodyFixture(C),deserialize,updateInstance,getTriangle,cloneForSpatial,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,set,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,EmitterBoxShape(C),getWrapMode,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,getControlPoints,BitmapFont(C),read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,getReceivers,setSpeed,setLightListRefresh,read,setSpatial,equals,getRotations,preFrame,getRotations,getLight,write,preFrame,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,merge,setLocalRotation,rotateAxial,setMatrix4,getAnchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),FOO2,setSpeed,isEmpty,createMass,emitParticle,checkCulling,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,copyRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,getDuration,getRotation,scaleMatrix,setCamera,setCamera,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setLengths,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,getRandomPointAndNormal,setCamera,checkCulling,getRotation,getVelocityVariation,dMULTIPLY0_333,setConvex,isOnPlane,computeWorldMatrix,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,computeUnionBound,solveVelocityConstraints,updateListenerParam,getRotation,getVelocity,wrap,isPointInTriangle,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,collide,cloneForSpatial,onPlay,getSpeed,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,getI,getJoints,getMaxAngularSpeed,updateAABB,fromTransformMatrix,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,collideWith,get3,raycast,raycast,getVector3Array,getCursorPosition,displayShadowMap,setEnabled,updateShadowCams,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,getSleepLinearVelocity,dQSetIdentity,link,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,read,getTargetVertexIndex,getSurfaceTangentRotation,computeVertices,intersectWherePlanar,distanceSquared,setLocalRotation,setB,distance,Triangle(C),toString,iterator,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getReactionTorque,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getReactionForce,buildAnimation,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,applyVelocityVariation,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,update,cleanProbes,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),DxJointPR(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,from,DxJointUniversal(C),setMinMax,getLengths,addTorque,R,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,add,getNormal,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,clone,setMaxAngularSpeed,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,dJointSetSliderAxisDelta,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,set,setAxis,setAxis,dSolveCholesky,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,Rw,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,dJointSetPistonParam,DxJointHinge2(C),getInfo2,duplicateCubeMap,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,DxJointDHinge(C),getParam,GJKAlgorithm(C),addTorques,makeCurrent,VertexInfo(C),postFrame,interpolateNurbs,extractIndirectLights,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,initialize,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),parseVector3,BIHTriangle(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,last,getData,dInvertPDMatrix,applySplitImpulse,distanceToCam,createSky,collideWith,buildSurface,dPrintMatrix,dMakeRandomVector,setValue,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,LightControl(C),distanceToCam,setEnabled,update,setViewProjection,duUpdateGeometryNormals,duUpdateGeometryVertices,checkMotionAllowed,isEnabledAndDynamic,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),render,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,setShaderGenerator,reload,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,getShaderGenerator,generateUniforms,getAxis,detect,getNumAxes,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,makeCurrent,cloneForSpatial,createLumShaders,getPlaceholderImage,isVarying,init,dRfromQ,JointInfo(C),render,getTexture,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,update,cloneForSpatial,generatePbrMaps,getBody2,getMaximumMotorTorque,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage3,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,solveVelocityConstraints,remove,solvePositionConstraints,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,compute_invM_JT,getReactionTorque,allow,solveVelocityConstraints,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,getMaximumMotorTorque,allow,initializeConstraints,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,addLimot,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,initBeforeSolve,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),getInfo1,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,onGeometryUnassociated,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,process,MotionTrack(C),Impulse(C),getMaxMotorTorque,warmstart,getFormatsForCaps,decompose,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,SliderJointInfo(C),solveVelocityContraints,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,glUniformMatrix3,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,reset,,toString,toString,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),DxJointFixed(C),collide,getTransformMatrix,visit,rotate,lerp,getGeometry,add,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),compare,makeCurrent,getInfo2,solvePositionConstraints,isOutside,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,ConstraintSolverData(C),setArg,onAction,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),setWorldMatrix,dSolveLCP,updateParticleData,set,render,getTangentialImpulse,initBeforeSolve,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,setOrientation,triangulate,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),isAllowed,getSpeed,HingeJointInfo(C),computeZFar,solvePositionContraints,TriangleData(C),solve]},
plane:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.input.InputManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo], [_InitCylinderTrimeshData,sortPlanes,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,MakeMatrix,CheckEdgeIntersection,getPointDepth,done,dColliderFn,getRandomPointAndNormal,getEigenVector,dQuatInvTransform,getMaxAxis,gim_aabbset_alloc,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,dColliderFn,getRotation,read,setConvex,Camera(C),read,SetupInitialContext,read,createMass,oldClone,read,dColliderFn,gim_merge_contacts,getConvexDecomposition,flipAlongTheYAxis,getFarthestPoint,write,dCollideSpherePlane,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,getRotation,getRadius,createMass,createMass,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,__ccdGJK,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getDistanceSquare,read,getTargetVertexIndex,link,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,read,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,addPoint,visit,updateLength,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),ccdGeomToObj,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomGetBodyNext,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dBodyGetMass,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,addPerturbedContacts,computeAABB,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dColliderFn,doBatch,write,setVelocity,read,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,dMassSetParameters,read,setPrefilteredMap,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,last,onNewTexture,write,AmbientLight(C),write,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRadius,write,dWtoDQ,updateListenerParam,write,getVelocity,read,getVelocity,DxGimpact(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,findMinMax,createCopy,getNormal,run,getAxes,hashCode,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRadius,set,setLocalRotation,scaleTextureCoordinates,set,collideWith,get3,getAnchor1,toTransformMatrix,updateParticle,interpolateCatmullRom,addJointToBody,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,loadCapabilitiesGL2,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),generate,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,rotateAboutCenter,computeAABB,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getAnchor2,addKeyFrameTranslation,raycast,raycast,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,isZero,raycast,setMaximumRotation,add,subtract,read,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,add,isUnit,length,SpotLight(C),lengthSquared,lengthSquared,distance,write,collideWith,duUpdateGeometryTextures,testCollision,dInvertMatrix3,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,run,Fixture(C),write,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,getRandomPointAndNormal,getType,getRandomPointAndNormal,getPointDepth,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getRadius,getPrevious,read,fromAngleNormalAxis,calcScreenArea,rotate,getCenter,testAndAddDiscContact,cloneForSpatial,WireSphere(C),setJ2aNegated,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,dColliderFn,dFactorCholesky,dVectorScale,getAxes,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,step,GJKAlgorithm(C),TriangleData(C),getCenter,dSolveLCP,makeCurrent,random,getAxes,getMass,write,read,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,dJointGetPRAnchor,validateInputData,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,computeOffset,dJointSetPistonAnchorOffset,JointInfo(C),updateMass,setRotationQuaternion,findTargets,write,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,createDebugSphere,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createMass,getPointDepth,setTextureMode,getBody,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,duUpdateGeometryTextures,dColliderFn,dotRow,pos,viewCol,pos,getMass,setMassInverse,modifyTexture,setTexture,renderGeometryList,updateUniformBindings,set,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,triangulate,write,dConnectingJointList,write,riseCamera,getInfo2,computeGlobalAxes,computeGlobalAxes,dJointSetHinge2Axis2,solveVelocityConstraint,getAnchor2,addTorques,solveVelocityConstraint,setLimits,clearValue,write,read,cleanup,addOccluders,computeZFar,setCamera,setCamera,write,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,ChaseCameraAppState(C),getSpeed,getMass,getFixture1,initEvent,read,initCamera,impulseToForce,MotionEvent(C),setupTextureSwizzle,getOccludersToRender,read,write,render,decompose,setAxes,read,write,read,toString,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,setMinMax,getLengths,addTorque,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,read,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),dJointGetDBallAnchor2,write,makeGeometry,hashCode,setNumAxes,getInfo2,isEnabledAndDynamic,dJointSetHingeAnchor,getInfo2,dJointGetDHingeAxis,read,dJointSetFixed,write,read,read,isAllowed,getTangentialImpulse,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getAnchor1,initializeConstraints,setLimitsEnabled,getLocalPointOnBody2,solveVelocityConstraints,DistanceJoint(C),compute_invM_JT,dxStepIsland_Stage3,createFrustum,write,Rotation(C),addConstrainedBallJoint,read,render,setLowerLimit,render,createSky,read,updateParticleData,lerp,influenceParticle,postQueue,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,solvePositionContraints,addLimot,getReceivers,getOccludersToRender,getCursorPosition,solvePositionConstraint,cleanProbes,getFlyByCamera,HingeJointInfo(C),collide,read,read,duplicateCubeMap,render,onAction,getColor,read,loadMaterial,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,BasicShadowRenderer(C),initBeforeSolve,initialize,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),write,onPause,isEmpty,VertexInfo(C),write,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,rotate,rotateScreenAligned,write,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,write,Arrow(C),setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),read,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,write,solveVelocityContraints,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),lightToSpatial,toString,add,buildShader,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,render,renderProcessing,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,SliderJointInfo(C),getFormatsForCaps,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,reset,,setArg,checkMotionAllowed,init,isOutside,cloneForSpatial,write,read,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,addToInstancedGeometry,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,read,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),write,write,write,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,done,Impulse(C),updateGeometry,renderProcessing,write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,solve,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setEnabled,read,distanceToCam,compare,setTransformRefresh,reloadMaterial,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,visit,filterLights,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,ThreadedProcessJobStart,initialize,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C)]},
torque:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4], [dJointSetPistonAxis,setRelativeValues,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,update,dJointSetPRAxis2,getLimot2,checkWorld,anchor1,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setAnchor,setMode,setGravity,setAxis,addBody,removeAllJoints,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,copyRotation,setAutoDisableDefaults,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,createSweptAABB,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,WeldJoint(C),remove,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,dJointCreateAMotor,copyRotation,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,setLimitEnabled,allow,FrictionJoint(C),createSphere,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,getFiniteRotationMode,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),dJointSetLMotorParam,selectTechnique,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,read,lengthSquare,normalizeVector3,getInfo1,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),getVertexGlobal,computeCurrentHingeAngle,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorSpeed,addContactInfo,solvePositionConstraint,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,setLightListRefresh,toString,Triangle(C),SliderJointInfo(C),isOutside,getBody2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),toString,initialize,addLimot,collide,generateUniforms,solve,updateGeometry,getInfo2,toString,setAnchor,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,setAxis,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,inverseRotateVect,setAnchor,clone,collide,collide2,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),DxJointFixed(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,onPause,addFaceCandidate,HingeJointInfo(C),solvePositionConstraint,updateWorldLightList,set,JointInfo(C),getVelocity,getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,MotionEvent(C),getRadius1,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getHalfHeight,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),set,fromAxes,dMULTIPLYOP1_333,dRfromQ,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,create,contains,getI,getRadius,setSphereTotal,equals,getAxes,getEigenVector,dBoxTouchesBox,calcWelzl,gim_aabbset_alloc,IntersectSegmentPlane,run,setWarmStartDistance,getSurfaceTangentRotation,renderFromControl,setOrigin,getInitialVelocity,getVelocity,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,updateAABB,_cldTestEdge,dPrintMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,AnimationEvent(C),initialize,getSpeed,riseCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,ccdVec3Normalize,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,ray_sphere_helper,lengthSquared,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setLengths,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,GetPointFromBarycentric,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,setAnchor,dColliderFn,updateParticleData,setMinMax,collide,R,setAnchor2,equals,add,getNormal,dColliderFn,setParams,clone,deserialize,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dSolveCholesky,SetData,DVector3ColView(C),isRequiresDepthTexture,equals,makeGeometry,Rw,difference,dColliderFn,clone,bindCamera,getRadius,DxSphere(C),getTranslations,dColliderFn,getWrapMode,fromBoundingSphere,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),getRadius,dRFromEulerAngles,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),contains,ChaseCamera(C),getMagnitudeSquared,rotate,rotateBillboard,addFixture,removeFixture,AbstractShape(C),lerp,length,distanceSquared,lengthSquared,toRotationMatrix,fromOpenGL,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,getOffsetTransform,addKeyFrameScale,fromTransformMatrix,getLocalToWorldMatrix,Rotation(C),clone,dColliderFn,updateParticleData,contains,getRadius,render,setSpatial,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,dInvertPDMatrix,dColliderFn,whichSide,updateShaderUniforms,onAction,bulkPut,setSourceParams,read,collideWithBoundingVolume,cloneForSpatial,clone,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,deepClone,clone,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),disableDebugShape,lengthSquared,getControlPoints,merge,read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,clearMatParams,clone,read,setSpatial,EmitterPointShape(C),isRequiresDepthTexture,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createSquare,write,write,Pose(C),read,mergeLocal,getDefinition,merge,length,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,computeAABB,getGeometriesInLightRadius,asin,convertToHalf,cloneForSpatial,read,distanceSquared,collideWithVertex,getNormal,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,setMinMax,DESTRUCTOR,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,computeAABB,merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,calcTexArea,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,PLANE_MINOR_AXES,onShaderUse,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,AmbientLight(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getAxes,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),addPoint,updateLength,read,read,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,update,read,getVelocity,setLeftPlane,addOccluders,computeZFar,findBatchByMaterial,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,setCamera,validateInputData,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),getLight,Dome(C),StaticPassLightingLogic(C),clone,dSolveLCP,setArg,updateUniformBindings,Cylinder(C),Sphere(C),getType,clone,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setLight,addPerturbedContacts,duUpdateGeometryNormals,duUpdateGeometryVertices,getCursorPosition,postQueue,deleteShaderSource,updateUniformBindings,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,createCopy,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getNormal,run,getHeight,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,PointLight(C),EmitterSphereShape(C),collideWith,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,compare,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,getShadowCamera,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,cloneFields,setEnabled,doubleSize,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,duUpdateGeometryTextures,decompose,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,computeAngleParameters,setB,orthogonalLineFit,render,getShaderGenerator,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,setShaderGenerator,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,Ring(C),distanceToCam,compare,VertexInfo(C),duplicateCubeMap,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,createOffCamera,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),parseVector3,collideWith,intersect,deepClone,cleanProbes,dCollideCapsuleSphere,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,collideWith,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,LightControl(C),iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,setConvex,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,setEnabled,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),testCollision,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dCollideSpherePlane,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,createLumShaders,registerBinding,initialize,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,checkMotionAllowed,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,getScenes,visit,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getPlaceholderImage,createSky,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,generatePbrMaps,getShaderParamDefineId,Fixture(C),cloneForSpatial,computeBlendFactors,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),makeCurrent,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,isVarying,init,setCamera,setCamera,calcScreenArea,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getFormatsForCaps,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),reset,,render,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared]},
axes:{[org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.animation.Bone,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback], [from,dJointAddUniversalTorques,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointSetPUAnchorDelta,setAxis,spaceCollide2,getAxes,Ellipse(C),getAxes,getFarthestFeature,AXES(C),dRSetIdentity,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,FetchTransformedTriangle,setCapsule,setMode,write,write,dRFromEulerAngles,convertElementMode,addRelForceAtPos,dJointGetPistonPositionRate,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,multLocal,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,dMassSetCapsule,reTranspose,dCollideBTL,lengthSquared,dCollideBTL,setLengths,pos,dFactorCholesky,clone,Rw,dColliderFn,getMass,add,DxRagdoll(C),getInfo2,getMaxAngularSpeed,getMotorSpeed,warmstart,write,getMotorSpeed,setGuiBounding,getAnchor1,initializeConstraints,setLimitEnabled,getAnchor1,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getInfo2,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getAnchor,setArg,run,dClipEdgeToPlane,onStop,dJointGetPRAnchor,read,read,getTriangleCount,dInvertMatrix3,transformVector,write,getTriangleCount,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,lengthSquare,dJointCreateTransmission,setMeshType,add,updateFilter,zoomCamera,write,read,setVolume,update,createVector2Buffer,addKeyFrameScale,onAction,computeOffset,getMaterial,getCollideBits,dCreatePlane,render,getRadius,getInfo2,getJointSpeed,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),initParticleData,write,setLowerLimit,dLDLTAddTL,warmStart,HingeJointInfo(C),addLimot,setWarmStartDistance,collide,anchor1,collideWith,read,setJ2aNegated,allocateTriangleBuffer,lengthSquared,fromOpenGL,read,isAllowed,hertelMehlhorn,initialize,getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,addFixture,equals,getRadius,lerp,read,read,getFarthestFeature,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,isCollisionAllowed,getAnchor1,ray_sphere_helper,read,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,setCamera,Rotation(C),initEvent,getLocalPointOnBody2,attachChild,isOnIsland,updateParticleData,getFarthestFeature,Rectangle(C),initParticleData,_cldClipCylinderToBox,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,setLimitsEnabled,setLength,initializeConstraints,solve,getInfo2,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,isCollisionAllowed,setAnchor,setAnchor,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,updateGeometry,addFaceCandidate,getTangentialImpulse,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setMaxAngularSpeed,getBody2,toString,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,removeAllJoints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,SliderJointInfo(C),ccdVec3Normalize,getInfo2,getRadius1,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,write,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),write,read,makeGeometry,hashCode,difference,getInfo2,Impulse(C),getTriangleCount,Triangle(C),write,isCollisionEnabled,read,toString,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,CheckEdgeIntersection,create,dColliderFn,getTangentSpeed,WarmStartingContactManager(C),checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWith,DxSphere(C),read,write,read,buildSurface,write,duplicateCubeMap,getGeometriesInLightRadius,getVertices,equals,getEigenVector,snapshot,ThreadedProcessJobStart,write,getInfo2,collideWith,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dGeomCapsuleSetParams,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,trigger,isOutside,DxCylinder(C),toString,initEvent,getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,render,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),write,clone,degenPrologue,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),collide,collide2,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,enqueueCinematicEvent,write,collideWith,fromBoundingSphere,intersectsBoundingBox,collideWith,clearUpperTriangle,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_update_aabbset,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,triangulate,write,getTriangleCount,read,read,read,read,write,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,setLighting,renderScene,pointInsideTriangle,write,BasicShadowRenderer(C),createFrustum,write,deepClone,write,getTriangleIndex,WireFrustum(C),clone,attachDebugNode,createCatmullRomMesh,write,updateGeometry,Arrow(C),setTexture,computeLastDistance,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),getInnerRadius,read,initVertexData,computeLastDistance,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,getRadius,computeLastDistance,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),intersectsBox,dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,VertexInfo(C),buildShader,Box(C),render,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,collide,getTriangleIndex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,JointInfo(C),read,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dColliderFn,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,createTriangle,dColliderFn,getCursorPosition,createFrustum,Cylinder(C),Sphere(C),validate,cloneFields,write,write,dColliderFn,isCollisionEnabled,getRadius,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,clone,getSimplex,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,clone,lengthSquared,clone,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,translate,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),makeCurrent,clone,addOccluders,computeZFar,distanceToCam,collideWith,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,read,update,testAndAddDiscContact,write,write,,read,read,loadFont,createSimpleClone,loadFont,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,renderProcessing,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,reset,,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,read,render,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,setAlignment,init,read,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,detachChildAt,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,getGeometry,add,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,makeCurrent,getPoint,updateProbe,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getScenes,visit,controlRender,distanceToCam2,read,write,read,read,intersectsBox,computeBlendFactors,update,intersectsBox,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,read,read,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,read,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),calcScreenArea,triangulate,setConvex,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,write,update,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setEnabled,read,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,compare,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,read,_gim_triangle_triangle_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,raycast,raycast,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,initEvent,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,link,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,testCollision,getTargetVertexIndex,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,createCopy,getNormal,run,createSky,last,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call]},
speed:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.input.InputManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener], [solvePositionConstraints,update,getTangentialImpulse,getReactionTorque,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getRelativeRotation,setGravity,setGravity,initializeConstraints,getReactionTorque,getBody2,getLocalPointOnBody2,setLimitEnabled,toString,initializeConstraints,FrictionJoint(C),getJointSpeed,initializeConstraints,MotionEvent(C),getRelativeRotation,setLimitsEnabled,add,solveVelocityConstraint,getMaterial,setWarmStartDistance,read,oldClone,isConnected,setOrigin,isCollisionEnabled,getInitialVelocity,toString,influenceParticle,isCollisionAllowed,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,setMaxMotorTorque,setMaxMotorForce,ConstraintSolverData(C),updateGeometry,setAnchor,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,getInfo2,getInfo2,getInfo2,getInfo2,solve,initialize,HingeJointInfo(C),create,matrixInvert,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,autoDisable,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,onStop,solveVelocityConstraint,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getBodies,removeAllJoints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,getTorque,getInfo2,setMode,dJointSetLMotorAxis,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,dJointCreateBall,createDBallJoint,setAxis,fillFloatBuffer,getLimot2,dMULTIPLY0_333,SliderJointInfo(C),setUpVector,ChaseCamera(C),setTarget,getRadius,getMagnitudeSquared,rotate,fixRefreshFlags,addFixture,removeFixture,AbstractShape(C),lerp,getHalfHeight,length,getNegativeEnd,contains,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,setBox,contains,getI,setSphereTotal,updateAABB,getAxes,Impulse(C),setLightListRefresh,Triangle(C),onStop,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,getInfo2,render,updateFilter,rotate,getMatrix,_cldTestEdge,dJointSetDHingeAnchor1,addKeyFrameTranslation,updateParticleData,set,getWorldBindPosition,get,onFrustumChange,Slice(C),initParticleData,addLight,initParticleData,onAction,setVolume,dRSetIdentity,invert,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,getMode,oppositeLocal,getBody,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),selectTechnique,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,read,populateFromBuffer,getTranslations,lengthSquared,getTranslations,fromOpenGL,dMatrix3Det,dPrintMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,dRFromEulerAngles,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,read,WarmStartingContactManager(C),updateWorldLightList,setArg,isOutside,contains,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),toString,generateUniforms,updateInstances,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),setValue,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setLight,getLight,collide,collide2,getWrapMode,_cldTestAxis,LightControl(C),getInfo2,setWorldMatrix,attachChild,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,addFaceCandidate,getHammersleyPoint,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithSweepSphere,clone,getFlyByCamera,computeVertices,intersectsWherePlane,Pose(C),clone,Spline(C),clone,EmitterBoxShape(C),setB,intersects,orthogonalLineFit,getNormal,isOnPlane,deepClone,updateGeometry,dCollideCCTL,Decompose,write,GETCOL,GETCOL,intersects,ClosestPointBetweenSegments,StripBox(C),setMinMax,cloneForSpatial,clone,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),attachDebugNode,set,merge,read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,renderShadowMap,read,setSpatial,equals,setSpatial,preFrame,getLight,write,preFrame,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createPolygonalSliceAtOrigin,write,write,read,getDefinition,deserialize,merge,angleBetween,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),rotate,getRandomPointAndNormal,wrap,convertToHalf,asin,setMinMax,dGeomTriMeshSetData,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,updateShaderUniforms,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,setBound,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,computeAABB,merge,call,computeAABB,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,getVolume,_cldTestAxis,cloneForSpatial,setCamera,onShaderUse,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,setLengths,isEqualTo,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,FOO2,setMode,ray_sphere_helper,lengthSquared,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,R,setAnchor2,equals,add,getNormal,setParams,clone,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dSolveCholesky,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,Rw,difference,ccdVec3Normalize,dGeomSpherePointDepth,JointInfo(C),getInfo2,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getRandomPointAndNormal,addPoint,generateParallel,updateLength,Dome(C),deepClone,random,getType,PssmShadowRenderer(C),GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,detachChildAt,CylinderShape(C),intersectBrute,setConvex,Cylinder(C),createDebugSphere,addPerturbedContacts,getType,clone,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,Box(C),getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,getHeight,isEqualTo,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,cloneForSpatial,read,getPointDepth,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,setEnabled,doubleSize,dColliderFn,LightProbe(C),ccdGeomToSphere,addLimot,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,collide,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,Sphere(C),dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,compare,dColliderFn,snapshot,iterator,updateAABB,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,collideWith,get3,render,render,getShaderGenerator,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,setShaderGenerator,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setLightFilter,decompose,getCursorPosition,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideSpherePlane,AmbientLight(C),dInvertPDMatrix,dCollideCapsuleSphere,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),computeBoundForPoints,dColliderFn,collideWith,TriangleData(C),getCenter,dSolveLCP,getRadius,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,cleanProbes,addContact,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,postQueue,scaleMatrix,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),generatePrefilteredEnvMap,generateIrradianceMap,parseVector3,intersect,deepClone,dCollideCapsulePlane,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,addOccluders,computeZFar,registerBinding,initialize,VertexInfo(C),distanceToCam2,createLumShaders,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,glAttachShader,fromBoundingSphere,distanceToCam,toString,getPlaceholderImage,makeCurrent,getScenes,visit,Fixture(C),filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),setLighting,glGetShader,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,makeCurrent,extractIndirectLights,makeCurrent,isVarying,init,updateProbe,validateInputData,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getFormatsForCaps,setEnabled,reset,,cleanup,calcScreenArea,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,setCamera,setCamera,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,triangulate,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),createSky,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C)]},
camel:{[com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.ui.Picture,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo], [setDirection,write,write,distanceToCam,compare,read,getPoints,write,setEnabled,read,updateShadowCams,read,loadGuiFont,setViewProjection,rotateCamera,write,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,createLumShaders,setSpotInnerAngle,detachChildAt,registerBinding,getTriangleCount,findBatchByMaterial,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,write,read,loadFpsText,updateFrustumPoints,scale,getGeometry,add,write,rotate,compare,getTriangleIndex,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,read,Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_sort,merge,getReactionForce,write,read,removeJointFromJointsList,addMaterialParam,getWorldRotation,clearValue,Shader(C),write,write,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,setTexture,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,updateWorldBound,loadFont,setMeshType,reload,read,createClone,,glUniformMatrix4,loadFont,getScenes,bulkPut,visit,degenPrologue,getRadius,getPlaceholderImage,read,convertElementMode,transformDirection,write,updatePositions,read,generatePbrMaps,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,setWidth,triangulate,clone,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,write,AnimationTrack(C),update,cloneForSpatial,getRotation,write,read,computeBlendFactors,rotateCamera,write,setSpatial,read,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,write,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,controlRender,write,read,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),SetData,DxCylinder(C),createOffCamera,isVarying,init,write,write,,read,write,intersectsSphere,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),setWorldMatrix,read,glUniformMatrix3,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,getSolidAngleAndVector,prefilterEnvMapTexel,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dotCol,getMaxAngularSpeed,setMotorEnabled,getAxes,setOwner,getRadius,reset,,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),intersectsBox,filterLights,JobListener(C),setMotorEnabled,getReferenceFace,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),step,getFormatsForCaps,render,write,read,buildSurface,createSky,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getReactionForce,computeZFar,read,createVector3Buffer,getCursorPosition,pointInsideTriangle,clearUpperTriangle,getRotationTransform,write,read,read,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,getReactionForce,update,dNormalize4,getAxes,write,read,computeFriction2Impulse,setWorldMatrix,DxGimpact(C),read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,read,update,addTimeRotation,get,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,write,collideWithBoundingVolume,whichSide,fromFrame,write,write,interpolateNurbs,VertexInfo(C),setRotation,setRotation,Eigen3f(C),getDirection,write,write,read,generateOrthonormalBasis,setLocalRotation,getRotations,deepClone,EmitterSphereShape(C),WireFrustum(C),clone,clone,distance,createCatmullRomMesh,write,read,Arrow(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,read,collideWithVertex,getRotation,parseVector3,write,collideWith,setRotationSpeed,getVelocity,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),setSphere,dJointAddHinge2Torques,rotate,dJointGetAMotorAngleRate,oppositeLocal,read,initParticleData,setMeshes,cloneFields,updateListenerParam,toString,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,simplexToPolytope2,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,read,Fixture(C),rotate,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,BodyFixture(C),checkMotionAllowed,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,dotColCol,dVectorScale,dQSetIdentity,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dQuatInv,isEq,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dQMultiply1,gim_trimesh_update_aabbset,setOrientation,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRotationAngleAxis,R,triangulate,TST1,getRotation,isZero,raycast,getHeight,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,computeClosestPoint,lengthSquared,dotCol,SetupInitialContext,ccdGeomToCap,dJointGetTransmissionAnchor1,setAxis1,connectingJoint,dConnectingJointList,setArg,toString,BoxShape(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,GETCOL,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,getRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,GETCOL,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dJointSetFixed,dJointGetDBallAnchor2,GetPointFromBarycentric,dMassSetCapsule,getAnchor,CheckEdgeIntersection,onPlay,getSleepLinearVelocity,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,getReactionForce,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),clone,getJoinedBodies,isActive,isActive,solveVelocityContraints,enableMotor,iterator,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,collideWith,GJKAlgorithm(C),ConstraintSolver(C),TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,getHalfHeight,hashCode,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,dColliderFn,getHeight,getReactionForce,toString,setAnchor,dJointAddUniversalTorques,setAxis,from,getReactionForce,setAnchor,dJointAddPRTorque,setAnchor,FOO2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,setJ2aNegated,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,setMotorEnabled,dColliderFn,getRotation,JointInfo(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),solvePositionContraints,dColliderFn,dCollideSpherePlane,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dJointSetHingeAxis,getI,getJoints,rotateAboutCenter,getRotation,setCapsule,contains,dColliderFn,BallAndSocketJoint(C),_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,onAction,read,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,add,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,getRotation,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,updateLength,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,getPointDepth,fromBoundingSphere,set,FixedJoint(C),getPointDepth,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),addUniversalJoint,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),dColliderFn,dJointGetDHingeAxis,getBody,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getPointDepth,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,setMaxMotorForce,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,run,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,render,collide,dColliderFn,setConvex,getInfo1,dJointGetSliderPosition,DxWorld(C),getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initEvent,read,impulseToForce,getInfo2,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,R,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,collideWith,getInfo2,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,computeAABB,addLimot,write,isEmpty,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,convertToHalf,ConstraintSolverData(C),isAllowed,collide,getInfo2,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,calcScreenArea,rotate,solve,updateParticleData,set,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,getBody2,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),Impulse(C),isOutside,SliderJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,ThreadedProcessJobStart,HingeJointInfo(C)]},
joints:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder], [m_islandJointsCount,update,removeAllJoints,createCapsule,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,addJoint,addBody,isOnIsland,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetJointsArrayP,Island(C),write,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,isOutside,setRelativeValues,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setLimitsEnabled,dInitColliders,getReactionTorque,setBody1,getReactionTorque,setGravity,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,setFixture,setMode,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getRelativeRotation,remove,getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,dJointCreateTransmission,getCollideBits,getReactionTorque,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),dJointSetPRAxis2,isCollisionAllowed,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,anchor1,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,setLimitEnabled,allow,setMaximumTorque,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,setFiniteRotationAxis,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),getInfo2,write,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,trigger,getMatrix,createVector2Buffer,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,getMotorSpeed,getMotorSpeed,setModelBound,toString,Triangle(C),addContactInfo,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dJointSetHingeAnchor,dJointSetDHingeAnchor1,solvePositionConstraint,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,toString,getLimot2,getInfo2,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,dJointSetPistonAnchor,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),initialize,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,SliderJointInfo(C),solve,updateGeometry,collide,collide2,getInfo2,generateNodeMainSection,addFaceCandidate,ConstraintSolverData(C),write,JointInfo(C),setVolume,DxJointFixed(C),FixedJoint(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,clearUpperTriangle,onStop,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,initEvent,isCollisionEnabled,create,getI,Segment(C),getI,getRadius,setCapsule,updateAABB,Rectangle(C),setWarmStartDistance,read,setMeshType,write,read,read,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,fromAxes,dMULTIPLYOP0_331,addLimot,collide,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),getRadius,getRadius,initEvent,initialize,getSpeed,riseCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,enqueueCinematicEvent,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),Circle(C),getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),inverseRotateVect,read,distanceSquared,rotate,rotateBillboard,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,lerp,distance,distanceSquared,getFarthestFeature,setAnchor,read,_cldInitCylinderBox,ray_sphere_helper,dotCol,setJ1aCrossMatrix,TST1,dCreatePlane,_cldClipPolyToPlane,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,DVector3RowTView(C),dotCol,setAnchor,GETCOL,updateParticleData,setMinMax,collide,R,dClipEdgeToPlane,setAnchor2,equals,isEq,getNormal,GETCOL,setParams,dotColCol,read,setAxis,updateParticleData,getRadius1,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dMultiply1,SetData,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,DVector3ColView(C),write,write,makeGeometry,R,difference,FOO2,ccdVec3Normalize,toAngleAxis,dColliderFn,dRFromAxisAndAngle,computeAABB,read,read,write,getEigenVector,BoundingSphere(C),GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,CheckEdgeIntersection,updateFilter,setPlaneState,getValueAsString,setCamera,read,addKeyFrameTranslation,updateParticleData,set,getSliceRadius,render,BoundingSphereDebug(C),dRFromAxisAndAngle,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,setTransformRefresh,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getFlyByCamera,setArg,distanceToEdge,Fixture(C),EmitterBoxShape(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,deepClone,write,getRandomPointAndNormal,write,getRandomPointAndNormal,write,lengthSquared,write,fromOpenGL,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,isAllowed,getTriangulation,isZero,raycast,getRadius,getSimplex,read,write,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getRadius,intersectsFrustum,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,computeClosestPointOfObject,lengthSquared,deepClone,minkowskiSum,onAction,write,read,WireSphere(C),duUpdateGeometryIndices,raycast,raycast,getRadius,read,Sphere(C),getRadius,isPointInTriangle,testCollision,updateLength,validate,read,toString,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,getTriangle,testCollision,DxGimpact(C),gim_trimesh_create_from_data,PLANE_CLASSIFY_BOX_TZ,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,triangulate,write,ccdGeomToCap,checkCulling,updateShadowCams,getOccludersToRender,collide,computeUnionBound,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,preloadScene,setLighting,getCursorPosition,asin,setMatParams,setMatParams,createBox,collideWith,dColliderFn,DxCylinder(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceSquaredTo,collideWith,get3,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,mergeGeometries,read,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,getPoint,read,buildSurface,duplicateCubeMap,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,setLeftPlane,dColliderFn,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,distanceToCam,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,render,updateTargetsAndMaterials,write,dColliderFn,compare,processTriangleData,VertexInfo(C),convertElementMode,dColliderFn,postQueue,write,interpolateNurbs,addOccluders,computeZFar,allocatePlaneBuffer,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,generateInitialVerticesIndexList,write,createOffCamera,WireFrustum(C),Triangle(C),setPlanePoints,distance,createCatmullRomMesh,write,computeVertices,Arrow(C),setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),distanceSquared,Ring(C),read,intersectsSphere,parseVector3,intersect,BIHTriangle(C),controlUpdate,addContact,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,write,write,,read,read,loadModel,createSimpleClone,loadModel,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,BitmapTextPage(C),postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,renderProcessing,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dColliderFn,read,distanceToCam,reset,,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,setValue,updateProbe,cloneForSpatial,getColor,read,isLineWrap,write,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,update,cloneForSpatial,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,updateLightListUniforms,write,Technique(C),updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,render,getFormatsForCaps,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,init,write,setOwner,write,write,write,intersectsSphere,computeBlendFactors,initialize,populateProbes,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),populateProbes,dColliderFn,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,computeAABB,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,reloadMaterial,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,setSpatial,read,MotionTrack(C),link,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,filterLights,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,setEnabled,read,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,createCopy,getNormal,run,visit,dCollideSpherePlane,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,createSky,dColliderFn,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,triangulate,initEvent,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,dColliderFn,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,TriangleData(C),setConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn]},
transmission:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver], [DxSphere(C),dMassRotate,SetupInitialContext,setAnchor,getInfo2,dJointCreateAMotor,getInfo1,createLMotorJoint,clone,dNormalize4,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dQuatInv,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,getRadius1,getRotation,ccdVec3Normalize,addLimot,DxJointDHinge(C),getLimot1,dJointSetPistonAxis,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setLengths,setOffsetRotation,getRotation,FetchTriangleCount,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,DxJointPR(C),setAnchor,dCollideBTL,updateParticleData,from,DxJointUniversal(C),setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,R,getMass,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,add,getNormal,getRotation,dCollideBTL,dWorldImpulseToForce,setParams,clone,impulseToForce,deserialize,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,DxJointSlider(C),setRelativeValues,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dSolveCholesky,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),isRequiresDepthTexture,equals,makeGeometry,Rw,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,dColliderFn,getMass,DxJointHinge(C),setAutoDisableDefaults,destroy,collide,DxJointAMotor(C),setConvex,dColliderFn,dJointSetLMotorParam,getMotorForce,fromBoundingSphere,getRadius,setInverseRotationRadians,getQuaternion,getRadius,dQSetIdentity,getJoints,getEigenVector,calcWelzl,gim_aabbset_box_collision,getWrapMode,ccdCollide,createVector2Buffer,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getRotations,dColliderFn,getRotations,getReactionForce,toString,setLinearVelocity,setAngularVelocity,getReactionForce,MotorJoint(C),getReactionForce,solveVelocityConstraints,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,getCenter,createDebugSphere,getInfo2,dColliderFn,write,getTextureMode,removeAllJoints,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setSleepLinearVelocity,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),collide,collide2,allocateTriangleBuffer,getBody2,getJointSpeed,setBody1,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,run,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,WeldJoint(C),remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage1,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,setLimitEnabled,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,solveVelocityConstraint,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),selectTechnique,isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,trigger,inverse,duUpdateGeometryTextures,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,toString,isOutside,dInvertPDMatrix,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,getPoint,computeCurrentHingeAngle,intersectWhere,ThreadedProcessJobStart,clear,getVertexGlobal,dColliderFn,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorForce,testCollision,getRotation,getType,getRandomPointAndNormal,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,generateUniforms,initBeforeSolve,createTriangle,dCollideCapsuleSphere,duUpdateGeometryTextures,clone,getAxes,getRadius,distance,clone,rotate,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,getRadius,contains,distanceToNearPlane,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getFarthestPoint,clone,clone,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,findTargets,getRadius,SliderJointInfo(C),dGeomTriMeshGetTriangle,setZoomSpeed,dColliderFn,collideWithRay,initialize,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,getTriangleCount,getNormalImpulse,Triangle(C),convertToHalf,dColliderFn,equals,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),getVolume,gim_trimesh_get_triangle_count,getTriangleCount,getRotationSpeed,swap,getTriangleIndex,cloneForSpatial,clone,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,getRow,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,distance,deepClone,Quaternion(C),clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),CreateCatmullRomPath,subtract,Spline(C),merge,read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,getReceivers,clone,setSpeed,read,setSpatial,EmitterPointShape(C),isRequiresDepthTexture,getLight,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,merge,getTriangleCount,fixRefreshFlags,angleBetween,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),bindCamera,triangulate,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,clone,getEdgeTo,getTriangulation,pointInsideTriangle,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,doubleSize,dQfromR,dColliderFn,addFaceCandidate,dColliderFn,rotate,calcScreenArea,getDuration,dColliderFn,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,isVelocityFromTranslation,solve,Segment(C),dColliderFn,JointInfo(C),setVolume,setCamera,updateGeometry,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,setRotation,onPause,getSpeed,convertElementMode,getType,clone,isCollisionEnabled,clearUpperTriangle,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,LightProbe(C),mergeGeometries,cleanup,dColliderFn,findMinMax,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),setEnabled,setLight,getLight,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),addFixture,setZoomSpeed,dColliderFn,cloneFields,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,duUpdateGeometryVertices,collideWith,distanceSquared,setLocalRotation,setB,getVolume,orthogonalLineFit,clone,setPlanePoints,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,updateUniformBindings,dColliderFn,getTriangleCount,setFacingVelocity,updateUniformBindings,transformVector,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,DxJointFixed(C),setCamera,setCamera,setConvex,deleteShaderSource,HingeJointInfo(C),equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,setOrientation,equals,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,AmbientLight(C),rotate,getShadowCamera,setTransformRefresh,getInertia,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,BoxShape(C),getShaderGenerator,update,render,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,setShaderGenerator,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,update,initBeforeSolve,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,displayShadowMap,LightControl(C),VertexInfo(C),duplicateCubeMap,degenPrologue,initialize,getTriangleIndex,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWithVertex,addTimeRotation,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,getVolume,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),addOccluders,computeZFar,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),cleanProbes,getJoints,Rectangle(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,getSimplex,add,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,checkMotionAllowed,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,setArg,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),updateFilter,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getCursorPosition,distanceToCam,getShaderParamDefineId,createSky,setEnabled,getFormatsForCaps,onAction,distanceToCam,rotate,getRotation,render,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),validateInputData,collideWith,Fixture(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,link,testCollision,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,updateParticleData,set,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,addPerturbedContacts,getTargetVertexIndex,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,onGeometryUnassociated,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),createLumShaders,raycast,raycast,getPlaceholderImage,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,generatePbrMaps,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,isVarying,init,compare,visit,isAllowed,getSpeed,setupTextureSwizzle,collideWith,getTangentialImpulse,getGeometry,add,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,render,makeCurrent,last,onShaderUse,cloneForSpatial,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),reset,,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,solveVelocityContraints]},
hinge:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder], [dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,setAxis,setAnchor,dInitColliders,onStop,setBall,getMotorSpeed,DxRagdoll(C),setMode,update,setAxis,createCylinder,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),setAnchor,getInfo2,getJointSpeed,dJointSetPRAnchor,getJointAngle,dJointCreateTransmission,computeCurrentHingeAngle,HingeJointInfo(C),setAxis2,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,initializeConstraints,solve,SliderJointInfo(C),setLimitsEnabled,setLimitEnabled,initializeConstraints,FixedJoint(C),computeFrictionVectors,solveVelocityConstraint,initialize,getRelativeRotation,getInfo2,Impulse(C),read,toString,Triangle(C),dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,setAxis,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,setAnchor,setAxis,getAxes,getHalfHeight,getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),createSweptAABB,FrictionJoint(C),updateGeometry,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,Island(C),dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setGravity,getTangentSpeed,toString,setAnchor,getMaterial,initializeConstraints,setAxis,isCollisionAllowed,setAnchor,setAnchor,m_islandJointsCount,removeAllJoints,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,addJoint,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetJointsArrayP,getVertexGlobal,checkWorld,anchor1,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,setBody1,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,getCollideBits,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,addForceAtPos,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),read,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,read,lengthSquare,getVector2Array,getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,getBody2,MotionEvent(C),collide,addLimot,setSphere,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,isOutside,setCylinder,fromAxes,dInvertMatrix3,WarmStartingContactManager(C),dRFromEulerAngles,dRSetIdentity,gim_trimesh_ray_closest_collisionODE,dClearUpperTriangle,dClearUpperTriangle,toString,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,dClipEdgeToPlane,ccdGeomToCyl,generateUniforms,inverseRotateVect,read,setArg,read,write,lengthSquared,write,oppositeLocal,fromOpenGL,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,setInitialVelocity,read,_cldClipCylinderToTriangle,initialize,setWarmStartDistance,write,addKeyFrameTranslation,getVelocity,transformInverseVector,Rotation(C),setFrustumPerspective,toString,riseCamera,ChaseCamera(C),getRadius,getMagnitudeSquared,rotate,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,lerp,length,read,getInfo2,updateParticleData,getSliceRadius,getAxes,initParticleData,read,updateWorldLightList,_cldTestEdge,read,getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,create,rotate,getC,equals,reTranspose,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,setLengths,pos,dFactorCholesky,clone,Rw,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,write,getInitialVelocity,getVelocity,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,onStop,collide,collide2,setAnchor,read,render,onAction,addFaceCandidate,setCamera,attachChild,read,updateShaderUniforms,setSourceParams,initParticleData,ray_sphere_helper,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,read,read,read,dLDLTAddTL,_cldClipCylinderToBox,setJ2aNegated,computeAABB,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,read,setAxis,getRadius1,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,SetData,DVector3ColView(C),PssmShadowFilter(C),read,makeGeometry,difference,ccdVec3Normalize,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),JointInfo(C),write,set,whichSide,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,getRadius,dColliderFn,CheckEdgeIntersection,computeAABB,setMatParams,duplicateCubeMap,positiveRank,toString,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,write,updateShadowCamera,bulkPut,DxCylinder(C),SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,updateAABB,loadGuiFont,setGeometry,collideWithRay,cloneForSpatial,WireSphere(C),setInterleaved,read,collideWithVertex,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,createHalfEllipseAtOrigin,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,rotate,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,read,gim_trimesh_create_from_arrays,addPoint,rotate,getNumFaces,last,onShaderUse,validateInputData,setMeshes,calcTexArea,asin,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,PLANE_MINOR_AXES,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,detachChildAt,read,read,duUpdateGeometryVertices,read,clone,read,AmbientLight(C),addPerturbedContacts,LightProbe(C),createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,write,lengthSquared,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,renderGeometry,getRadius,cloneForSpatial,read,getVelocity,decompose,dColliderFn,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,compare,deleteShaderSource,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,read,collideWith,get3,read,duUpdateGeometryVertices,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,dColliderFn,cleanProbes,getLocalBounds,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideSpherePlane,write,read,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getHeight,getHeight,testCollision,testCollision,distanceToCam,compare,postQueue,read,read,createOffCamera,WireFrustum(C),write,write,createCatmullRomMesh,read,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),read,read,read,parseVector3,write,intersect,deepClone,VertexInfo(C),setMatParams,createSky,read,setConvex,getRadius2,render,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),write,getMaterial,project,dColliderFn,setCamera,setCamera,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,getCursorPosition,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,write,triangulate,registerBinding,initialize,renderFilterChain,loadFpsText,write,,read,getMaterial,loadFont,createSimpleClone,loadFont,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,read,createLumShaders,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,cleanup,getHeight,read,getScenes,visit,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,write,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,clone,getCapsule,VariableMapping(C),BitmapFont(C),read,write,read,read,updateTargetsAndMaterials,read,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,read,read,render,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,addMaterialParam,getFormatsForCaps,getAlignment,convertToHalf,getRadius,getOuterRadius,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,updateProbe,updateLightListUniforms,makeCurrent,dColliderFn,setCamera,reset,,isVarying,init,calcScreenArea,getType,clone,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,cloneForSpatial,process,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),checkMotionAllowed,setEnabled,setOwner,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),collideWith,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,computeZFar,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,addContact,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dColliderFn,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn]},
hallmarks:{[org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue], [createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,linkVertices,flipAlongTheYAxis,SpotLight(C),getRotation,getRotation,clone,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,scaleTextureCoordinates,clone,getYMonotonePolygons,counterClockwise,clone,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,Vector3Multiply,LightList(C),fromAngleNormalAxis,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,VEC_SCALE,dJointSetTransmissionAnchor1,computeFromTris,getType,ccdGeomToObj,collideCylCyl,gim_aabbset_alloc,getRadius,getAxes,setBox,getRadius,getRotation,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,write,distance,clone,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRotation,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,getUp,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,getTextureMode,getQuaternion,getCenter,createHingeJoint,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,switchToSoftware,getRadius,getPoint,rotate,updatePositions,dColliderFn,BoundingBox(C),_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,dColliderFn,getC,rotateCamera,getRandomPoint,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,updateMass,dColliderFn,translate,dColliderFn,setQuaternion,dBodyGetMass,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,Segment(C),set,dColliderFn,dQuatInv,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,dColliderFn,testCollision,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,IsPointInPolygon,validate,dColliderFn,setPoi,rotateAboutCenter,ChaseCameraAppState(C),updateCamera,mult,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,setPrefilteredMap,distanceSquaredTo,dColliderFn,intersectBrute,findMinMax,dGeomTriMeshSetData,clearMaterialParameters,setCamera,setCamera,dColliderFn,setMaterial,getInertia,clone,BoxShape(C),gim_triangle_sphere_collision,setMinMax,BodyFixture(C),removeAllJoints,computeBoundForPoints,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,getSimplex,add,subtract,add,angleBetween,distance,distanceSquared,getMagnitudeSquared,add,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,distance,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,setSourceParams,getVelocity,getUp,read,getVelocity,doDisplayFrustumDebug,adjustMass,dJointCreateHinge,getMaterial,setMaterial,plusEq,setRotation,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),clone,getPosition,getRotation,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setOffsetWorldQuaternion,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,collide,done,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setScene,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,setConvex,isOnPlane,getInitialVelocity,setMaterial,CompactVector3Array(C),swap,cloneForSpatial,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderFilterChain,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,getRow,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,EmitterBoxShape(C),getWrapMode,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),attachDebugNode,Spline(C),getPage,read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,setEdgeFilteringMode,AnimationEvent(C),read,setSpatial,equals,getRotations,getMaterial,getRotations,getLight,write,PssmShadowFilter(C),getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,merge,fixRefreshFlags,setVector4,getAnchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,setEnableCurrentCam,isEmpty,getMaterial,getC,getJoints,setQuaternion,updateAABB,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),render,dMULTIPLY0_331,positiveRank,setCamera,isPointInTriangle,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),getDuration,createSky,getPointDepth,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVector3Array,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,getTargetVertexIndex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,link,collideWith,get3,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,EPAAlgorithm(C),setEnabled,clearMaterialParameters,getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,compare,collideWith,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,integrateRigidBodiesPositions,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,decompose,GJKAlgorithm(C),dotRow,pos,dFactorCholesky,viewCol,pos,setGeometry,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getReactionTorque,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getReactionTorque,AnimationFactory(C),getMaximumMotorTorque,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),setForcedMaterial,isMotorEnabled,cloneForSpatial,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,distanceSquared,last,onShaderUse,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,dQSetIdentity,getFormatsForCaps,dQMultiply1,setRotation,onPlay,getSpeed,lightToSpatial,computeVertices,distanceSquared,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,setB,distance,Triangle(C),applyVelocityVariation,addTorques,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,getFrameBufferSamplePositions,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,dVectorScale,getLimot1,StripBox(C),from,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),addOccluders,computeZFar,setJ2aNegated,setCamera,attachChild,getShaderParamDefineId,dSolveLCP,computeInitialRelativeRotation,getParam,rotate,getRotation,addTorques,DxJointSlider(C),PssmShadowRenderer(C),VertexInfo(C),getHammersleyPoint,addContactPoint,getShadowCamera,initialize,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setTexture,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,BIHTriangle(C),newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,getColor,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,JointInfo(C),Box(C),DxJointPR(C),deleteShaderSource,FixedJoint(C),clear,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,setOrientation,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,triangulate,update,isMotorEnabled,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getMaxMotorTorque,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,setMinMax,getLengths,addTorque,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,dWorldImpulseToForce,impulseToForce,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),makeGeometry,hashCode,dJointGetDHingeAnchor1,getInfo2,solvePositionContraints,getCursorPosition,updateParticleData,set,AngleJoint(C),warmstart,solve,solveVelocityContraints,solveVelocityConstraints,compute_invM_JT,dxStepIsland_Stage3,isEnabledAndDynamic,getMaximumTorque,initializeConstraints,getBody2,getMaximumMotorTorque,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,solvePositionConstraints,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,checkMotionAllowed,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ConstraintSolver(C),dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getInfo2,ThreadedProcessJobStart,SliderJointInfo(C),getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,getInfo2,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,buildShader,Impulse(C),BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),setArg,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,distanceToCam2,Technique(C),makeCurrent,getScenes,visit,reloadMaterial,done,initialize,distanceToCam,DxJointFixed(C),createLumShader,addLimot,getPlaceholderMaterial,TriangleData(C),isOutside,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),validateInputData,getSpeed,setupTextureSwizzle,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),getTangentialImpulse,ConstraintSolverData(C),,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,toString,solve,render,reset,,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,collide,isAllowed,HingeJointInfo(C),onAction,init,setEnabled,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,]},
impulse:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState], [update,m_islandBodiesStartA,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,GetBodiesArray,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,getBodies,removeAllJoints,getMaterial,autoDisable,solveVelocityConstraints,isOnIsland,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,Island(C),getHingeAngleFromRelativeQuat,setFiniteRotationAxis,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getJointSpeed,getReactionTorque,solve,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,solveVelocityConstraint,getJointAngle,setMaximumTorque,updateGeometry,getRelativeRotation,setLimitsEnabled,getMotorSpeed,getMotorSpeed,initialize,setLimitEnabled,Impulse(C),depthFirstTraversal,toString,Triangle(C),initializeConstraints,setAutoDisableDefaults,initializeConstraints,SliderJointInfo(C),computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,setMode,setGravity,getTangentSpeed,getInfo2,getTangentialImpulse,setGravity,getBody2,getPenetrationImpulse,MotionEvent(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),FixedJoint(C),createSphere,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,dInitColliders,dJointSetHingeAnchor,DxJointFixed(C),getInfo2,dJointSetPistonAnchor,getInfo2,dJointSetDHingeAnchor1,getLimot2,dJointSetLMotorAxis,dJointGetHinge2Anchor2,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,dJointCreateTransmission,getCollideBits,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,getAnchor2,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,allow,allow,destroyed,setAnchor,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),selectTechnique,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,read,lengthSquare,createVector2Buffer,getMode,onStop,HingeJointInfo(C),BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isOutside,WarmStartingContactManager(C),toString,create,setWarmStartDistance,read,oldClone,write,getInitialVelocity,toString,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,dMassTranslate,contains,getI,getRadius,setSphereTotal,equals,getAxes,generateUniforms,breadthFirstTraversal,setAxis,fromAxes,dMULTIPLYOP0_331,collide,collide2,riseCamera,ChaseCamera(C),update,getAngleBetween,rotate,read,addFixture,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,lerp,getHalfHeight,length,read,toString,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,getInfo2,addFaceCandidate,setEnableCurrentCam,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,getHalfWidth,_cldTestEdge,addKeyFrameScale,updateParticleData,set,write,inverseRotateVect,onFrameChange,contains,initParticleData,dRSetIdentity,oldClone,oppositeLocal,setVolume,transformVector,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,project,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),read,clone,BoxShape(C),setArg,read,lengthSquared,read,fromOpenGL,dQuatInvTransform,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,dWtoDQ,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,JointInfo(C),render,maxDifference,updateFilter,setCamera,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,initParticleData,onAction,attachChild,checkCulling,getShadowCam,getShadowCam,read,updateAABB,dColliderFn,GetPointFromBarycentric,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),setMode,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,TST1,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,R,setAnchor2,equals,isEq,getNormal,setParams,dotColCol,read,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dMultiply1,DxHeightfieldData(C),TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,DVector3ColView(C),PssmShadowFilter(C),equals,makeGeometry,R,difference,FOO2,ccdVec3Normalize,GetSupportSide,DxSphere(C),getInfo2,getFlyByCamera,duUpdateGeometryIndices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,postFrame,whichSide,addLimot,collide,controlUpdate,duplicateCubeMap,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getRadius,getAxes,createPolygonalSliceAtOrigin,distanceSquared,getCursorPosition,asin,disableDebugShape,initFrustumCam,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),intersectsSphere,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,write,generateParallel,read,read,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,collideWith,collideWithSweepSphere,read,collideWith,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,validateInputData,generate,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),isEqualTo,getWrapMode,Cylinder(C),updateGeometry,CylinderShape(C),VertexInfo(C),fromBoundingSphere,dColliderFn,read,getShadowCamera,Eigen3f(C),read,read,deepClone,read,snapshot,setGeometry,WireFrustum(C),write,createCatmullRomMesh,read,read,Arrow(C),toVector4f,setTexture,computeLastDistance,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),read,read,detachChildAt,read,setGenerationParam,computeLastDistance,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,computeLastDistance,getVolume,intersect,deepClone,read,computeAABB,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,isEqualTo,updateShadowCamera,computeAABB,getRadius,PLANE_MINOR_AXES,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),dMultiply1,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,cloneFields,dColliderFn,intersectBrute,setConvex,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,updateShaderUniforms,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,computeClosestPoint,call,getCurrentCamera,onShaderUse,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,write,render,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVertices,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,addPoint,updateLength,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,hashCode,deleteShaderSource,dColliderFn,addPerturbedContacts,getRadius,distanceToCam,cloneForSpatial,getMaterial,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,computeLastDistance,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),merge,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setSpatial,setSpatial,getLight,clone,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,angleBetween,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),convertToHalf,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceToCam,getVolume,setCamera,dColliderFn,dCollideSpherePlane,compare,gim_aabbset_update,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getType,clone,cloneForSpatial,setEnabled,LightList(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,checkMotionAllowed,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,ccdGeomToObj,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,computeLastDistance,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,decompose,getColor,loadModel,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadModel,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,addOccluders,computeZFar,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,makeCurrent,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,setScene,createSky,makeCurrent,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,createLumShaders,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,addContact,addMaterialParam,registerBinding,initialize,getFormatsForCaps,testCollision,updateProbe,dCollideCapsuleSphere,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getShaderParamDefineId,Fixture(C),setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,reset,,makeCurrent,getScenes,visit,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,makeCurrent,isVarying,init,collideWith,setCamera,setCamera,calcScreenArea,setPoi,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),setEnabled]},
vector4f:{[com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN], [oppositeLocal,snapshot,getRow,write,duplicateCubeMap,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,setInverseRotationDegrees,createVector3Buffer,setZoomSpeed,write,bulkPut,VertexInfo(C),read,degenPrologue,setRotation,getDirection,asin,write,write,getShadowCamera,Eigen3f(C),postFrame,write,write,read,getModelBindInverseTransform,internalUpdate,write,collideWith,deepClone,deepClone,write,equals,WireFrustum(C),clone,clone,write,write,whichSide,createCatmullRomMesh,write,duUpdateGeometryNormals,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,intersectsBox,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,getInnerRadius,read,collideWith,collideWith,Listener(C),addKeyFrameScale,write,write,intersectsSphere,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,collideWith,write,setFrustumPerspective,getRadius,setSpotInnerAngle,getVolume,cloneFields,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),intersectsBoundingBox,write,DxJointHinge2(C),FetchTransformedTriangle,AbstractShape(C),DxJointAMotor(C),write,write,setZoomSpeed,update,dMULTIPLY0_331,getGeometriesInLightRadius,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,influenceParticle,updateFilter,read,getMagnitudeSquared,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,write,distanceToCam,onPlay,getCursorPosition,write,subEq,write,buildSurface,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),convertElementMode,setInterleaved,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),duUpdateGeometryIndices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,initParticleData,write,updatePositions,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,distanceToCam,read,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),read,onAction,solve,render,write,read,render,read,write,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),setArg,createSky,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),dQSetIdentity,attachChild,read,dQMultiply1,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,setWorldMatrix,from,getLimot1,contains,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,getInfo2,setAxis,spaceCollide2,getAxes,Ellipse(C),getAxes,getHalfWidth,AXES(C),write,subtract,setJ2aNegated,computeAABB,addOccluders,computeZFar,dFactorCholesky,dVectorScale,getRadius,write,write,updateUniformBindings,write,read,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMassSetTrimesh,setEnabled,read,setSpeed,loadGuiFont,dClipEdgeToPlane,run,write,setBall2,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,RigidBody(C),getCollideBits,dInitColliders,write,getMotorSpeed,_cldTestAxis,setSphereTotal,getRotation,dotRow,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,dBoxBox,pos,viewCol,pos,dColliderFn,getMass,lengthSquared,toString,decompose,getMaxAngularSpeed,generatePbrMaps,computeInitialRelativeRotation,onMeshDrawn,createHalfEllipseAtOrigin,addTorque,contains,ray_sphere_helper,deleteShaderSource,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,getInfo2,getReferenceFace,computeInitialRelativeRotation,createLumShaders,write,write,,read,read,loadFont,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,loadFont,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,read,glGetShader,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,glAttachShader,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,getMotorSpeed,SEGMENT_COLLISION,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,setOrientation,equals,detect,triangulate,write,dCreatePlane,CheckEdgeIntersection,update,addMaterialParam,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setParams,setMaxAngularSpeed,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setMode,setAnchor,addTorques,computeInitialRelativeRotation,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,SetData,DVector3ColView(C),anchor1,hashCode,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,merge,getReactionForce,getInfo2,getScenes,visit,registerBinding,initialize,loadFpsText,getFormatsForCaps,setAlignment,getInfo2,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,write,read,computeBlendFactors,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsSphere,setSpeed,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,write,read,MotionTrack(C),DxCylinder(C),triangulate,ccdVec3Normalize,validate,lengthSquared,getRadius,dJointSetFixed,read,isAllowed,Shader(C),BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,read,makeCurrent,setOwner,reset,,DxSphere(C),read,isVarying,init,contains,updateLength,collide,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,cloneForSpatial,contains,write,write,write,write,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),EPAAlgorithm(C),Rotation(C),setFrictionImpulse2,addConstrainedBallJoint,setWarmStartDistance,getRadius,rotate,addFixture,equals,warmstart,getMotorSpeed,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,read,write,write,read,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),createMass,dColliderFn,getMotorSpeed,isCollisionAllowed,BallAndSocketJoint(C),read,isKinematic,updateParticleData,setAxes,isCollisionEnabled,updateSleepingBodies,computeFriction2Impulse,isCollisionAllowed,solveVelocityContraints,ConvexMeshShape(C),GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,addPoint,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,getReactionForce,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,collideWith,solveVelocityContraints,getInertia,getJoints,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,run,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,last,toString,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,getTargetVertexIndex,compare,collide,addLimot,getReactionForce,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,isZero,raycast,getHeight,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,getHeight,lengthSquared,clone,lengthSquared,m_islandJointsCount,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,addJoint,ThreadedProcessJobStart,GetJointsArrayP,getBody2,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,dJointCreateAMotor,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,read,getDuration,write,getSpeed,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),collide,collide2,Impulse(C),BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isOutside,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getFrictionImpulse2,SliderJointInfo(C),fromBoundingSphere,solve,JointInfo(C),setConvex,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,ConstraintSolverData(C),isCollisionEnabled,getHeight,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,dColliderFn,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),toString,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getPoint,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getTangentialImpulse,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,read,write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,merge,HingeJointInfo(C),convertToHalf,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getInfo2,dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,dColliderFn,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,getSpeed,collideWith,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,createCopy,getNormal,run]},
bitmap:{[com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,VarType(C),com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack], [setTexture,spatialTolight,updateInstances,getPage,dCollideHeightfieldZone,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,setSpeed,setSpatial,updateWorldBound,read,maxDifference,init,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getLight,setEnabled,setOwner,doDisplayFrustumDebug,PointLightShadowFilter(C),SpotLightShadowFilter(C),read,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,getColor,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),getAnchor2,lookAt,setShaderFile,setCamera,getFormatsForCaps,createPolygonalHalfEllipse,getVolume,setSpeed,isEmpty,construct,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,set,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,generateOrthonormalBasis,getRandomPoint,getValueAsString,getRotationColumn,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,getWayPointIndexForDistance,subtract,multLocal,Spline(C),read,toVector4f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,renderShadowMap,intersectsBox,read,setKeyframes,EmitterPointShape(C),applySkinning,preFrame,setKeyframes,write,read,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getVolume,CompactVector3Array(C),rotateScreenAligned,angleBetween,dJointGetDBallAnchor2,updateCamera,initialize,setViewPort,computeAngleParameters,setWorldMatrix,intersectsBox,computeBlendFactors,populateProbes,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),updateLightListUniforms,setPosition,getBounds,filterLights,JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,getModelBound,populateProbes,getDuration,getRotation,onPlay,getSpeed,dGeomGetBodyNext,getJoinedBodies,render,updateLightListUniforms,updateLightListUniforms,write,getRadius,getRadius,getOuterRadius,convertToHalf,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,updateUniform,glUniformMatrix4,modifyTexture,glUniformMatrix3,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,Technique(C),renderProcessing,onMeshDrawn,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,step,done,updateFrustumPoints2,reset,,,getPosition,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,generateIrradianceMap,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,getHammersleyPoint,importanceSampleGGX,setWidth,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,distance,getNumJoints,getAnchor2,toString,computeAABB,setShadowZFadeLength,cloneForSpatial,getTransformMatrix,processTriangles,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,zoomCamera,addToInstancedGeometry,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,OccludersExtractor(C),MotionTrack(C),IsOnHeightfield2,computeAABB,renderFromControl,AnimationTrack(C),filterLights,reloadMaterial,setLeftPlane,createSky,init,triangulate,getTransformMatrix,visit,DegenEpilogue,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryVertices,getBound,rotate,rotate,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,rotate,compare,CollisionResult(C),setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,getCenter,Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_update,merge,setAngularTarget,distanceToCam2,initialize,getUp,getRadius,rotate,computeAABB,connectingJoint,setBox,collideWithRay,deepClone,IsPointInPolygon,ccdGeomToObj,RigidBody(C),clearValue,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,getCenter,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,getC,setEnabled,getPoints,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,rotate,getDirection,getDirection,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,setB,getVolume,Line(C),get3,whichSide,Vector3Multiply,setLimits,applyVelocityVariation,getVelocityVariation,hertelMehlhorn,DistanceJoint(C),dCollideCapsuleSphere,setLowerLimit,getAnchor1,influenceParticle,render,cloneFields,compare,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,AnimationFactory(C),Transform(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,rotateCamera,dCROSS,dMultiply1,dVector3Cross,dVectorScale,dMaxDifference,dotRow,Eigen3f(C),Camera(C),dMaxDifference,PLANE_CLASSIFY_BOX_TZ,viewCol,dQFromAxisAndAngle,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dQfromR,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,setOrientation,computeLocalInertiaTensor,subtract,pos,triangulate,getPointDepth,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,clone,getAxes,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,isEqualTo,rotate,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,rotate,rotate,getPointDepth,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,getBody,HalfEllipse(C),CylinderShape(C),isEqualTo,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,updateUniformBindings,updatePositions,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,collideCylCyl,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,dConnectingJointList,updatePositions,setVelocity,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,createCopy,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,getNormal,run,hashCode,dColliderFn,warmStart,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),dCollideHeightfieldZone,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,contains,DxJointFixed(C),sphericalToCartesian,setAxes,setAxes,update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,_CalculateAxis,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,SUBTRACT,distance,SUBTRACT,pos,done,getC,dJointGetUniversalAngle1Rate,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,setJ2aNegated,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,collideWith,addHingeJoint,addJointToBody,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dColliderFn,getAnchor1,GJKAlgorithm(C),EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,collideWith,get3,dColliderFn,set,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collide,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,getSpeed,setMovedCallback,getFixture1,initCamera,setGravity,rotate,dColliderFn,dJointGetPRPosition,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,Fixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,createMass,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,JointInfo(C),getUp,create,getJoints,getRotation,setLength,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAnchor,setAnchor,calcScreenArea,solvePositionContraints,dColliderFn,dJointGetHinge2Angle2Rate,validateInputData,dColliderFn,setBody,getAnchor1,resetLimits,getTranslation,getPosition,setConvex,dColliderFn,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,penEPAPos,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getInfo2,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,createVector3Buffer,Arrow(C),interpolate,parseVector3,getVolume,intersect,VertexInfo(C),testCollision,getAxis,detect,setAxis,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),dJointGetPistonPositionRate,getInfo2,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,addPoint,SolvedContactPoint(C),updateParticleData,set,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,dJointGetSliderPosition,initParticleData,dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,add,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),add,initBeforeSolve,checkMotionAllowed,initParticleData,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,getLocalPointOnBody2,solveVelocityContraints,dColliderFn,updateFilter,solve,rotate,getCursorPosition,getInfo2,dJointGetDHingeAxis,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,SliderJointInfo(C),isOutside,computeZFar,setArg,isAllowed,render,ConstraintSolverData(C),onAction,Impulse(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,addLimot,collide,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,setAnchor,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,cloneForSpatial]},
collide:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener], [dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,getRandomPointAndNormal,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRadius,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dCollideSpherePlane,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,ccdGeomToObj,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomGetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setPosition,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createQuadTreeSpace,dCollideCylinderBox,getNumJoints,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,getSimplex,computeLocalInertiaTensor,add,rotateAroundOrigin,inverse,write,dot,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,distance,isUnit,length,setPosition,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,distance,getRandomPoint,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,getPosition,testCollision,getMaxAxis,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,expandPolytope,sortPlanes,done,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,IsPointInPolygon,read,AmbientLight(C),write,intersectsBox,contains,setMinMax,setDirection,testAndAddDiscContact,setInitialVelocity,Fixture(C),rotate,getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,read,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),addWayPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,getRotation,Segment(C),Vector3Multiply,getRotation,getConvexDecomposition,getAxes,getRadius,getRadius,calcScreenArea,setVelocity,scaleTextureCoordinates,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,setConvex,setLocation,dVector3Add,whichSide,computeWorldMatrix,updateGeometry,raycast,raycast,dColliderFn,translate,collideWith,get3,getC,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,parity,rotate,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,interpolateCatmullRom,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,read,fromAxes,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,findMinMax,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,setSleepLinearVelocity,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,gim_aabbset_alloc,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,addPerturbedContacts,getContactNormal,iterator,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,solveVelocityConstraints,dGeomTriMeshSetData,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getAnchor2,addKeyFrameTranslation,doCopyBuffer,read,link,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,updateListenerParam,getVelocity,getVelocity,read,getVelocity,updatePositions,getTargetVertexIndex,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,gim_merge_contacts,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,normalizeVector3,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),getAxes,dColliderFn,setLocalScale,plusEq,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,run,getPointDepth,setBox,getDirection,last,getData,transformInverseVector,dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,get3,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),DegenEpilogue,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,collideWith,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,GJKAlgorithm(C),getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,setGeometryData,setAxis2,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setTextureMode,getBody,getCenter,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,write,getRadius,setAxis,step,dCollideCapsulePlane,getInitialVelocity,dColliderFn,setLinearVelocity,setUpVector,getInertia,VEC_SCALE,set,getEigenVector,cloneForSpatial,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,getPointDepth,JointInfo(C),setAngularVelocity,dSolveLCP,render,cleanup,addConstrainedBallJoint,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,TriangleData(C),getCenter,dDOT,setCamera,setCamera,dQFromAxisAndAngle,setTranslation,write,dJointAddPistonForce,dJointCreateBall,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,getCenter,read,setLighting,setVector3,preloadScene,updateUniformBindings,validateInputData,viewCol,dVectorScale,mult,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,pos,triangulate,write,loadGuiFont,setAxis,dJointSetPRAnchor,setAxis2,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,getInfo2,setMode,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,computeCurrentHingeAngle,PrismaticJoint(C),solvePositionConstraints,setAxis,solvePositionConstraint,RevoluteJoint(C),setDirection,getTranslations,getTranslations,dJointSetFixed,addForceAtPos,read,isAllowed,onAction,getUpVector,setAnchor,getInfo2,dJointSetDHingeAnchor1,setAxes,read,StripBox(C),write,write,getSolidAngleAndVector,write,getInfo2,buildShader,modifyTexture,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadFont,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,getVertexUniforms,render,read,render,renderProcessing,loadFont,render,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxStepIsland,write,decompose,write,Line(C),getNegativeEnd,read,setGravity,getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,read,initCamera,setGravity,setupTextureSwizzle,solveVelocityContraints,setJ2aNegated,process,computeZFar,getWorldBindPosition,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,init,reset,,read,anchor2,BillboardControl(C),onAction,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,read,AnimationTrack(C),initialize,cloneForSpatial,read,read,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,read,MotionTrack(C),getDirection,read,setEnabled,read,setPostShadowParams,getPoints,setValue,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,read,createClone,,pos,getC,clone,getPosition,setWidth,getPlaceholderModel,write,rotate,generatePbrMaps,write,,read,createSimpleClone,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),write,getPixel,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,onStop,initBeforeSolve,setDirection,getJoints,warmstart,render,MotorJoint(C),solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,update,updateParticleData,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),initParticleData,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,read,write,read,read,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,initializeConstraints,createSky,solveVelocityConstraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,solveVelocityConstraints,setAnchor,solveVelocityConstraints,setAnchor,HingeJointInfo(C),initParticleData,updateInstance,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),reloadMaterial,render,getTangentialImpulse,computeFrictionVectors,setArg,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),solve,getTransformMatrix,visit,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,filterLights,duUpdateGeometryVertices,distanceToCam,distanceToCam2,SliderJointInfo(C),getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),compare,isOutside,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),getStart,write,isEmpty,Impulse(C),rotate,toVector3f,deserialize,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,getControlPoints,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,Pose(C),read,setB,applyVelocityVariation,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getCursorPosition,collide,updatePositions,getFormatsForCaps,ThreadedProcessJobStart,setAnchor,solve,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),addLimot,interpolateNurbs,VertexInfo(C),WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,solveVelocityContraints,checkMotionAllowed]},
vec3f:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,VarType(C),com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil], [ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,coplanar_tri_tri,getPosition,read,setConvex,setLocation,CheckEdgeIntersection,dVector3Add,contains,get,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,whichSide,createSapSpace,computeWorldMatrix,read,Vector3Multiply,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,getAxes,hashCode,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,SUBTRACT,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dColliderFn,getCenter,dGeomTriMeshSetData,addPerturbedContacts,computeAABB,collideWith,get3,computeLocalInertiaTensor,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,done,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,getContactNormal,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,scaleTextureCoordinates,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,solveVelocityConstraints,addKeyFrameTranslation,link,update,update,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,dColliderFn,addJointToBody,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeNextAvailableBodyID,getRadius,testCollision,setGravity,getTargetVertexIndex,getDistanceSquare,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,getRotationDiscRadius,run,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,computeLocalInertiaTensor,last,getData,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,dGeomSetPosition,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setBody,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,vectorFromWorld,dCollideRayCylinder,dMaxDifference,setMinMax,dMaxDifference,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,read,get3,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),plusEq,createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),createPolygonalHalfEllipseAtOrigin,getNumVerticesOfFace,getTexCoord,FetchTriangleCount,updateWorldBound,setLocalScale,call,compare,contains,rotateAboutCenter,__ccdGJK,ccdPtEdgeVec3,ccdGeomToCap,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,createMass,normalizeVector3,getRadius,getVertices,createMass,createMass,getAxes,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,read,addPoint,parity,updateLength,SolvedContactPoint(C),getMaxAxis,getExtent,doCopyBuffer,interpolateCatmullRom,dCollideSpherePlane,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),addWayPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,getConvexDecomposition,rotate,collideWith,getDirection,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getRandomPointAndNormal,rotateAroundOrigin,setSourceParams,getPosition,getLocation,read,getPosition,isZero,raycast,setMaximumRotation,add,subtract,angleBetween,dot,getAngleBetween,getMagnitudeSquared,distance,isUnit,length,setPosition,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,distance,getRandomPoint,step,intersectsBox,setDirection,write,computeLastDistance,transformInverseVector,cloneForSpatial,GJKAlgorithm(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dSolveLCP,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,getPointDepth,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,getEigenVector,getFarthestFeature,JointInfo(C),setMass,testAndAddDiscContact,calcScreenArea,findMinMax,getRadius,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,LightList(C),fromRotationMatrix,dColliderFn,setTranslation,findTargets,write,dQFromAxisAndAngle,setEnableCurrentCam,PrismaticJoint(C),getAnchor2,solveVelocityConstraint,RevoluteJoint(C),solveVelocityConstraint,dDOT,addGeometriesInCamFrustumFromNode,write,dWorldGetAutoDisableFlag,setDefaultHorizontalRotation,getSpeed,getTorque,setUpVector,getFixture1,initEvent,read,initCamera,setGravity,setDirection,setupTextureSwizzle,dColliderFn,getInfo2,setMode,getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,dConnectingJointList,setNumAxes,fromAxes,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,TriangleData(C),getCenter,dJointAddSliderForce,dJointGetPRAnchor,modifyTexture,setVector3,renderSubScene,updateUniformBindings,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,setAnchor,getTranslations,getTranslations,getBody,fromOpenGL,dJointSetFixed,read,isAllowed,updatePositions,viewCol,dVectorScale,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,pos,triangulate,cloneFields,read,setMassInverse,dJointAddPistonForce,init,doDisplayFrustumDebug,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getWorldBindPosition,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,getAxes,getPointDepth,getMass,getUpVector,getInitialVelocity,getFlyByCamera,onAction,updateParticleData,rotate,influenceParticle,setLowerLimit,initParticleData,BillboardControl(C),lightToSpatial,render,render,setAxis,setAxes,set,getColor,read,loadMaterial,isLineWrap,getPage,setAlignment,loadDarken,read,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,setJ2aNegated,getSolidAngleAndVector,getRadius,read,initParticleData,getDirection,getMaterial,solveVelocityConstraint,write,onPlay,isEmpty,StripBox(C),dJointSetDBallAnchor2,validateInputData,getAxis2,getCenter,getRadius,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,setGeometryData,setAxis1,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),read,write,createMass,getPointDepth,write,getCenter,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,WeldJoint(C),solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,dJointSetTransmissionAnchor1,addOccluders,computeZFar,add,setLength,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAnchor,DistanceJoint(C),setAnchor,toString,HingeJointInfo(C),getTangentialImpulse,solve,dCollideCapsulePlane,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxStepIsland,dColliderFn,setRelativeValues,getInfo2,dColliderFn,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,setValue,updateInstance,buildShader,modifyTexture,setShaderFile,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,getVertexUniforms,render,write,render,renderProcessing,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),addBody,decompose,solvePositionContraints,rotate,getNegativeEnd,cloneForSpatial,write,write,setEnabled,write,write,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,reset,,setArg,getTextureValue,createSimpleClone,setTextureTypeHint,setMatParams,pos,getMass,setCamera,setCamera,setSpatial,setPoi,setCamera,initialize,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,init,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,read,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,read,MotionTrack(C),done,setOrigin,solveVelocityContraints,createOffCamera,Line(C),renderProcessing,,getMaterial,createSimpleClone,run,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,write,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,read,setWidth,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setDirection,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,getStart,getControlPoints,read,toVector3f,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,Pose(C),read,deserialize,initBeforeSolve,setB,setEnabled,getPoints,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,reloadMaterial,SliderJointInfo(C),distanceToCam,filterLights,getTransformMatrix,visit,Box(C),dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,isOutside,updateGeometry,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getMass,distanceToCam2,solve,createSky,Impulse(C),getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,render,getCursorPosition,checkMotionAllowed,setAnchor,updatePositions,getFormatsForCaps,addLimot,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,setNumAxes,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),collide,VertexInfo(C),interpolateNurbs,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3]},
ball:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter], [setAnchor,anchor1,dJointCreateAMotor,getInfo1,createMass,clone,addRelForceAtPos,destroy,collide,dInitColliders,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,addLimot,DxJointDHinge(C),dJointGetHinge2Anchor,setTranslation,dJointSetLMotorParam,setMode,DxJointSlider(C),dJointSetPistonAxis,DxJointUniversal(C),setRelativeValues,DxJointPR(C),dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,addBody,dInvertMatrix3,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dBoxTouchesBox,DxJointHinge(C),getMass,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getCollideBits,getRadius1,_cldInitCylinderBox,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setLengths,dMassSetParameters,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,GetPointFromBarycentric,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,setAnchor,dColliderFn,updateParticleData,from,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,R,getMass,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,add,getNormal,dColliderFn,setParams,clone,setMaxAngularSpeed,deserialize,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dSolveCholesky,SetData,DVector3ColView(C),getDirection,read,makeGeometry,Rw,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,dColliderFn,getMass,ccdVec3Normalize,setSleepLinearVelocity,removeAllJoints,getBody2,getJointSpeed,toString,getReactionForce,setBody1,getReactionForce,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,run,setFixture,Capacity(C),selectNarrowPhaseAlgorithm,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,toString,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),isCollisionAllowed,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage1,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,getMotorSpeed,allow,getReactionForce,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),read,isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,read,lengthSquare,normalizeVector3,dColliderFn,getInfo2,CheckEdgeIntersection,isOutside,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),write,computeAABB,createMass,getMotorSpeed,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorSpeed,testCollision,generateNodeMainSection,initBeforeSolve,getEigenVector,collideWithRay,gim_aabbset_alloc,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,collideWith,toString,Triangle(C),SliderJointInfo(C),collide,collide2,toString,setMassInverse,dQfromR,ccdCollide,addFaceCandidate,initialize,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,createDebugSphere,getTranslations,getTranslations,getRadius,getWrapMode,solve,updateGeometry,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,JointInfo(C),getLocation,WireSphere(C),allocateTriangleBuffer,getRandomPointAndNormal,duUpdateGeometryNormals,dInvertPDMatrix,getRadius,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),updateAABB,oldDeepClone,duUpdateGeometryNormals,DxJointFixed(C),clearUpperTriangle,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,dColliderFn,getCenter,onStop,convertElementMode,createMass,getAxis,detect,getAxes,createMass,getAxes,createMass,AXES(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,dColliderFn,Cylinder(C),updateGeometry,dRSetIdentity,HingeJointInfo(C),clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,initBeforeSolve,dColliderFn,getPoint,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),riseCamera,getUpVector,zoomCamera,createMass,distanceSquared,rotate,BillboardControl(C),addFixture,removeFixture,rotateAboutCenter,lerp,dot,getNegativeEnd,createMass,setWarmStartDistance,addKeyFrameTranslation,updateParticleData,set,getWorldBindPosition,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),contains,getFarthestFeature,setDirection,createMass,TRANSPOSE_MATRIX_2X2,oppositeLocal,oldClone,transformInverseVector,read,mult,setWorldMatrix,ParticleEmitter(C),whichSide,setSourceParams,attachChild,Line(C),get3,generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,setMaterialParameters,setMaterialParameters,setMaterialParameters,onAction,read,setArg,rotateAroundOrigin,getCursorPosition,interpolateCatmullRom,interpolatePath,postFrame,clearMatParams,render,dColliderFn,testHardwareSupported,write,lightToSpatial,contains,getPosition,read,getPosition,read,setConvex,whichSide,lengthSquared,fromOpenGL,read,isAllowed,hertelMehlhorn,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,createPolygonalEllipse,createMass,createMass,intersectsBox,write,getContactNormal,DirectionalLight(C),clone,getTriangleIndex,AmbientLight(C),gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,write,toVector3f,buildSurface,getSolidAngleAndVector,setLighting,preloadScene,intersectsFrustum,intersectsFrustum,translate,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,computeLocalInertiaTensor,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,triangulate,cloneFields,getMaterial,gim_triangle_triangle_collision,makeCurrent,addOccluders,computeZFar,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,render,snapshot,collideWith,dColliderFn,getInitialVelocity,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,collideWith,getPoints,getTangentialImpulse,collide,ccdPtAddVertex,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,penEPAPos,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,setSpatial,setOrigin,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,isZero,raycast,CylinderShape(C),getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,isEqualTo,lengthSquared,clone,computeSilhouette,lengthSquared,getRandomPoint,collideWith,cleanup,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setSpeed,getDuration,write,setSpeed,getSpeed,getCenter,dGeomTriMeshSetData,makeCurrent,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,getRandomPointAndNormal,dCollideCapsuleSphere,clone,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,setCamera,setCamera,setCamera,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getRadius,distance,isDegenerateTriangle,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,getMaterial,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,read,getControlPoints,BitmapFont(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,read,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),convertToHalf,write,,read,loadFont,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,loadFont,onMeshDrawn,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,getPixel,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,setWidth,renderProcessing,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,setEnabled,setOwner,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,reset,,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,dColliderFn,read,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,makeCurrent,makeCurrent,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,loadGuiFont,toString,BoxShape(C),setB,createCopy,getNormal,run,getFormatsForCaps,setEnabled,main,setAlignment,dColliderFn,init,dCollideSpherePlane,dCollideSphereConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,initialize,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,instance,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),findMinMax,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,reload,compare,triangulate,registerBinding,initialize,loadFpsText,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,VertexInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,testCollision,createSky,dColliderFn,distanceToCam,compare,interpolateNurbs,dColliderFn,getSpeed,initCamera,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,generatePbrMaps,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,makeCurrent,collideWith,get3,checkMotionAllowed,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,compare,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),parseVector3,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,cloneForSpatial,filterLights,calcScreenArea,visit]},
vector2f:{[com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.light.LightList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm], [write,duplicateCubeMap,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,setInverseRotationRadians,degenPrologue,setRotation,getDirection,asin,getWorldRotation,deepClone,postFrame,scaleMatrix,postFrame,write,write,generateOrthonormalBasis,setLocalRotation,getRotation,getRotations,collideWith,deepClone,deepClone,write,snapshot,equals,WireFrustum(C),clone,clone,disableDebugShape,write,intersectsSphere,createCatmullRomMesh,write,duUpdateGeometryNormals,createVector3Buffer,set,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,intersectsSphere,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),collideWith,getInnerRadius,read,collideWith,bulkPut,collideWith,getRotation,addTimeRotation,setTexture,getRotations,intersectsSphere,onAnalog,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,collideWith,onAction,write,setRotation,getRadius,setSpotInnerAngle,getVolume,cloneFields,intersect,deepClone,controlRender,BIHTriangle(C),getType,intersectsSphere,dJointGetHinge2Angle2Rate,DESTRUCTOR,rotate,computeEulerAngles,lengthSquared,VertexInfo(C),Quaternion(C),write,write,rotateCamera,update,dNormalize4,getGeometriesInLightRadius,influenceParticle,influenceParticle,checkMotionAllowed,influenceParticle,updateFilter,collideWithBoundingVolume,rotate,validateInputData,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),distanceToCam,getCursorPosition,write,set,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,write,onPlay,length,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),duUpdateGeometryIndices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,write,updatePositions,distanceToCam,read,updateShaderUniforms,initParticleData,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,read,onAction,Cylinder(C),Sphere(C),add,render,render,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),createSky,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),read,setArg,setEnabled,read,setSpeed,loadGuiFont,updateUniformBindings,getRadius,write,createPolygonalCapsule,write,write,addOccluders,read,solvePositionConstraints,computeZFar,decompose,onShaderUse,read,SetupInitialContext,dMassSetTrimesh,RigidBody(C),setAsleep,contains,create,getI,getJoints,rotateAboutCenter,getRotation,rotate,createPistonJoint,equals,getRotation,_cldTestAxis,generatePbrMaps,getJointSpeed,dQSetIdentity,getYMonotonePolygons,setJ2aNegated,sortPlanes,read,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,write,write,,read,read,loadFont,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,loadFont,LastTextureState(C),deleteShaderSource,getPassMaterial,read,glGetShader,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,glAttachShader,read,createLumShaders,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,dotCol,dxStepBody,getAngularSpeed,dIsPositiveDefinite,dSolveCholesky,dJointGetUniversalAngle1Rate,getFarthestPoint,rotate,cloneForSpatial,getRadius,updateUniformBindings,addMaterialParam,dClipPolyToCircle,getAlignment,intersectsSphere,intersectsSphere,update,read,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,attachChild,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,gim_aabbset_bipartite_intersections_sorted,merge,MotorJoint(C),registerBinding,initialize,loadFpsText,setConvex,getScenes,visit,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getRotation,Shader(C),read,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,addTorques,contains,getAxis,detect,computeGlobalAxes,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),read,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,read,read,computeBlendFactors,setSpatial,write,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),read,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,read,MotionTrack(C),SetData,computeAABB,triangulate,read,dCollideCCTL,gim_trimesh_sphere_collisionODE,getFormatsForCaps,ray_sphere_helper,TST1,getQuaternion,DVector3RowTView(C),dotCol,dJointGetPRPosition,setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,R,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,isEq,getNormal,getCollideBits,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,setParams,dotColCol,setMaxAngularSpeed,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setMode,setAnchor,addTorques,dJointGetSliderPosition,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),dJointGetDBallAnchor2,R,hashCode,difference,dColliderFn,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getInfo2,dJointSetPistonParam,toString,reset,,ccdVec3Normalize,dQMultiply1,contains,updateLength,dJointGetDHingeAnchor1,dJointSetHingeAxisOffset,getInfo2,makeCurrent,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,run,isVarying,init,getTangentialImpulse,update,setLength,ContactSolver(C),initializeConstraints,setLimitsEnabled,addContactPoint,getPenetrationImpulse,SolvedContactPoint(C),isCollisionAllowed,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),getHingeAngle,rotate,clone,read,getRotationAngleAxis,getDuration,write,isEmpty,getSpeed,clone,GetVertex,build,ccdPtAddVertex,getMaximum,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,addPoint,getNumFaces,initBeforeSolve,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),collideCylCyl,run,v,getAABB,setLowerLimit,solvePositionConstraint,clone,dSolveLCP,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,last,dGeomSpherePointDepth,getInfo2,dJointCreatePiston,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,collide,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,OUTER_PRODUCT_3X3,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,setOrientation,detect,triangulate,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,read,write,read,read,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,read,write,write,read,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),clone,getRadius,computeAABB,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),DxRagdollBody(C),clone,getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,setAxes,rotate,rotateAboutCenter,rotate,solveVelocityConstraint,m_islandBodiesStartA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,GetBodiesArray,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getBodies,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,reset,solve,collide,addLimot,updatePositions,getPoint,toString,isCollisionAllowed,convertToHalf,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,dJointSetFixed,read,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,merge,collideWith,dColliderFn,BoxShape(C),initialize,dColliderFn,isZero,raycast,add,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,solveVelocityConstraint,setConvex,dCollideCapsuleSphere,dColliderFn,getSpeed,getFixture1,dColliderFn,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,clone,isCollisionEnabled,solveVelocityContraints,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,dColliderFn,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,Impulse(C),SliderJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dCollideCapsulePlane,HingeJointInfo(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,isAllowed,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,ThreadedProcessJobStart,updateParticleData,set,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,collide,collide2,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),CollisionDetection(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,getInfo2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,createCopy,getNormal,run,Fixture(C),BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dCollideSTL,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,isOutside,ConstraintSolverData(C),JointInfo(C),calcScreenArea,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,updateAABB,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,collideWith,rotate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,testCollision]},
shape:{[net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,com.jme3.input.InputManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo], [getSleepLinearVelocity,GJKAlgorithm(C),SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),plusEq,read,getBodyCount,isCollisionEnabled,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,computeNextAvailableBodyID,setRotateSpeed,Fixture(C),rotate,write,setMeshes,setInitialVelocity,read,setInitialVelocity,BodyFixture(C),write,getRandomPointAndNormal,setPosition,getRandomPointAndNormal,isZero,raycast,getRadius,setMaximumRotation,getSimplex,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,add,read,inverse,write,read,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,getRadius,write,lengthSquared,getLocalBounds,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,dotCol,write,SetupInitialContext,createCapsule,getI,getRandomPointAndNormal,JointInfo(C),getChangeInOrientation,getLocation,newBodiesIndexPair,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),newBodiesIndexPair,solveVelocityConstraint,postSolveNotify,removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),reallocatePairs,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,getReactionTorque,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,raycast,raycast,applyForce,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,getCenter,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,getMaxAxis,ccdGeomToCap,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,getQuaternion,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,getRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createDBallJoint,dCollideCylinderBox,dBodyGetQuaternion,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,IsPointInPolygon,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideSpherePlane,read,collideWith,get3,getRotation,getRadius,getRotation,Segment(C),setParams,rotate,getContactNormal,iterator,gim_aabbset_alloc,getBody2,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,scaleTextureCoordinates,testCollision,dGeomTriMeshSetData,getReactionForce,addKeyFrameTranslation,getRadius,dColliderFn,read,getInertia,MakeMatrix,contains,translate,FOO2,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,intersectsBox,testAndAddDiscContact,AmbientLight(C),write,write,write,__ccdGJK,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,run,collide,doCopyBuffer,write,getConvexDecomposition,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,computeAABB,read,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,updateListenerParam,getPosition,read,getPosition,link,findMinMax,Camera(C),ccdPtEdgeVec3,getTargetVertexIndex,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,rotate,read,setConvex,dCollideSpheres,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,read,computeWorldMatrix,updateGeometry,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,populateFromBuffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,approxEqual,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,write,rotate,last,getData,collideWith,updatePositions,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateUniform,read,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),createTriangulation,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),DegenEpilogue,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,interpolateCatmullRom,getPrevious,read,write,getAxes,transformInverseVector,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getPointDepth,getI,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,setRelativeValues,getInfo2,dJointSetDHingeAxis,getRadius,getRadius,dGeomCapsulePointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,getUp,createDebugSphere,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,DxRagdollBody(C),getCenter,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,write,getRadius,getHingeAngle,dJointSetHingeAnchorDelta,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,m_islandBodiesStartA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,GetBodiesArray,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getBodies,ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getMass,Island(C),getMaxAngularSpeed,riseCamera,dCollideCapsulePlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,solveVelocityContraints,getEigenVector,dSolveLCP,BallAndSocketJoint(C),getInfo2,TriangleData(C),getCenter,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,VEC_SCALE,dJointSetFixed,anchor1,isOutside,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,dRFromAxisAndAngle,getI,dJointSetPistonAxisDelta,dJointCreateBall,render,read,validateInputData,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,read,write,dGeomRaySet,cleanup,setLighting,write,renderGeometry,updateUniformBindings,buildShader,glDeleteShader,modifyTexture,read,glActiveTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,loadFont,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,write,write,write,updateLightListUniforms,write,render,renderProcessing,loadFont,updateLightListUniforms,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,setMode,dotColCol,dMultiply1,read,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,isEq,dMultiply1,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,setOrientation,R,triangulate,write,TST1,dInvertMatrix3,updateFrustumPoints2,write,getDirection,getLimot2,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,computeInitialRelativeRotation,computeInitialRelativeRotation,dWorldImpulseToForce,write,write,reset,,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,addTorques,setMinMax,getLengths,addTorque,R,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,getNormal,impulseToForce,write,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),write,write,makeGeometry,hashCode,setNumAxes,init,getReactionTorque,getInfo2,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,getReactionTorque,getReactionForce,updateGeometry,initializeConstraints,setCamera,setCamera,ThreadedProcessJobStart,render,renderMeshFromGeometry,loadGuiFont,zoomCamera,read,clone,getAlignment,write,write,,getPosition,read,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,run,read,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,read,getPixel,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,prefilterEnvMapTexel,importanceSampleGGX,read,setWidth,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getAngularTranslation,write,write,write,solve,read,generatePbrMaps,setValue,doDisplayFrustumDebug,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,init,,AnimationTrack(C),initialize,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),write,visit,read,onGeometryUnassociated,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,write,write,read,process,MotionTrack(C),read,setEnabled,read,postFrame,setDirection,write,getBody2,setLimitsEnabled,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),getNumAxes,isAllowed,run,read,read,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,update,write,write,write,write,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),populateProbes,FixedJoint(C),read,isAllowed,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),read,Impulse(C),getMotorForce,getMotorTorque,reloadMaterial,read,setOrigin,solveVelocityContraints,rotate,getTransformMatrix,visit,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,computeZFar,filterLights,decompose,duUpdateGeometryVertices,duUpdateGeometryNormals,write,Rotation(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,distanceToCam2,SliderJointInfo(C),getGeometry,add,write,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,onAction,updateParticleData,onPlay,compare,setArg,createSky,read,render,render,read,write,getSpeed,checkMotionAllowed,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),write,getSpeed,initCamera,toString,getCursorPosition,ConstraintSolverData(C),getTangentialImpulse,getFormatsForCaps,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,write,Arrow(C),interpolate,read,write,parseVector3,collide,VertexInfo(C),rotate,addLimot,read,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,HingeJointInfo(C)]},
rotate:{[com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.audio.Listener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.input.InputManager], [setUpVector,ChaseCamera(C),ChaseCameraAppState(C),getRadius,getAngleBetween,rotate,fixRefreshFlags,addFixture,removeFixture,AbstractShape(C),lerp,Ellipse(C),length,getNegativeEnd,toString,read,setWarmStartDistance,cloneFields,HalfEllipse(C),subtract,setGuiBounding,oppositeLocal,read,read,dRSetIdentity,getWorldBound,add,setArg,updateFilter,getWorldBindPosition,transformVector,read,getModelBound,render,_cldClipping,getCollideBits,setMovedCallback,make_sure_plane_normal_has_unit_length,dGeomGetCollideBits,setMaxMotorForce,warmstart,setMaxMotorTorque,addKeyFrameScale,onAction,isConnected,dJointGetPRPosition,getInfo2,getInfo2,Listener(C),getInfo2,updateParticleData,set,setLimitEnabled,Slice(C),setLowerLimit,MotionEvent(C),contains,initParticleData,initParticleData,getLocalPointOnBody2,setBox,getMaterial,dRFromZAxis,write,dOrthogonalizeR,lengthSquared,write,getRadius,fromOpenGL,dClipPolyToCircle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,getInfo2,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,read,isAllowed,hertelMehlhorn,getJointSpeed,getAnchor1,initializeConstraints,getTangentialImpulse,addContactManifoldToBody,setLength,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,getAnchor1,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,setGravity,setLimitsEnabled,getBody2,toString,initializeConstraints,getAnchor1,DistanceJoint(C),setOrigin,Joint(C),read,toString,influenceParticle,Joint(C),influenceParticle,solveVelocityContraints,read,getLimot2,solvePositionConstraints,dJointSetLMotorAxis,dJointSetAMotorAxis,create,BallAndSocketJoint(C),dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,setCamera,getBones,setSphereTotal,attachChild,setAxis,project,getAxis,detect,getInfo2,setAxis,spaceCollide2,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),onStop,getAxes,getC,getJoints,equals,getInfo2,dJointGetHinge2Angle2Rate,dJointCreateTransmission,getVector2Array,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,HingeJointInfo(C),AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,collideWithRay,onStop,dJointSetDHingeAxis,ConstraintSolverData(C),checkCulling,doDisplayFrustumDebug,getShadowCam,getWrapMode,setAxes,_cldTestAxis,m_islandBodiesStartA,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,GetBodiesArray,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,getBodies,detect,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,getType,clone,BoxShape(C),IntersectCapsuleTri,solvePositionContraints,LightControl(C),SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,updateGeometry,solve,computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,addFaceCandidate,toString,duplicateCubeMap,setShadowZFadeLength,checkMotionAllowed,getVolume,collideWithTriangle,dotRow,dColliderFn,lengthSquared,dColliderFn,computeAABB,pos,dMultiply1,viewCol,pos,dColliderFn,add,minkowskiSum,createMass,updateShaderUniforms,render,_cldTestAxis,SliderJointInfo(C),dJointSetDBallAnchor2,dMultiply1,Eigen3f(C),Impulse(C),setModelBound,Triangle(C),setAnchor,setAxes,clone,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,getFlyByCamera,makeCurrent,getGeometriesInLightRadius,plusEq,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,glGetShader,glAttachShader,triangulate,cloneFields,getBound,subtract,dColliderFn,snapshot,getCurrentCamera,updateGeometry,intersectWherePlanar,write,clone,write,intersectsBox,deepClone,setB,intersectsBoundingBox,orthogonalLineFit,Triangle(C),setPlanePoints,deepClone,updateGeometry,setLighting,setVector2,length,read,buildSurface,isEqualTo,ClosestPointBetweenSegments,CylinderShape(C),clone,isEqualTo,ray_sphere_helper,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,write,setAxis,setMode,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),PssmShadowFilter(C),equals,makeGeometry,hashCode,setShadowZFadeLength,ccdVec3Normalize,collide,detachChildAt,updateGeometry,deepClone,random,intersectsSphere,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),run,BoundingSphereDebug(C),getMaterial,intersectsSphere,dGeomSpherePointDepth,dColliderFn,WarmStartingContactManager(C),setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,setSpatial,write,counterClockwise,getShadowCamera,generate,CollisionResult(C),WireFrustum(C),getWayPointIndexForDistance,createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),processTriangleData,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,collideWith,intersect,deepClone,BIHTriangle(C),computeAABB,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getVertexGlobal,convertToHalf,getVolume,write,isEmpty,VertexInfo(C),construct,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,write,getMaterial,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),BitmapFont(C),read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,setSpatial,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,getDefinition,merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),StripBox(C),makeCurrent,computeAABB,updateGeometry,setGeometryData,updateGeometry,isZero,raycast,getSimplex,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,computeClosestPoint,lengthSquared,setCamera,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),removeNoCollisionPair,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,removePair,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,setCollisionData,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,getBodies,dTestDataStructures,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,dColliderFn,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,doubleSize,updateLength,intersectWhere,Box(C),EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),gim_merge_contacts,setGeometryData,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),isOutside,cloneForSpatial,addOccluders,computeZFar,getRadius,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,addContact,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,onShaderUse,createCopy,coplanar_tri_tri,getNormal,run,hashCode,cloneForSpatial,getType,clone,setEnabled,distanceToCam,dCollideCapsuleSphere,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,collide,collide2,buildShader,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getVertices,simplexToPolytope2,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,updatePositions,dCollideCapsulePlane,setConvex,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,,loadModel,createSimpleClone,loadModel,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,createLumShaders,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,addMaterialParam,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,getAmbientColor,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,reload,compare,registerBinding,initialize,loadFpsText,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),getAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,dColliderFn,read,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),iterator,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,addObject,updateObject,collideWith,update,update,dColliderFn,isVarying,init,reset,,distanceToCam2,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,dColliderFn,collide,update,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getInfo2,getScenes,visit,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,collideWith,addLimot,extractIndirectLights,makeCurrent,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),updateProbe,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,cleanup,dColliderFn,testCollision,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,cloneForSpatial,JointInfo(C),compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),intersectsBox,visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),TriangleData(C),createSky,filterLights,BlendFactor(C),filterLights,JobListener(C),removeObject,collision,collision,collision,collision,Fixture(C),dColliderFn,setEnabled,dColliderFn,getCursorPosition]},
bounding:{[com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable], [StaticPassLightingLogic(C),LightProbe(C),clone,getType,setGeometry,write,read,write,write,read,setFrame,AmbientLight(C),toTransformMatrix,computeWorldMatrix,rotateUpTo,scaleTextureCoordinates,set,getRadius,generateParallel,updateListenerParam,isVelocityFromTranslation,getUp,read,getVelocity,getRadius,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),interpolateCatmullRom,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,computeFromPoints,checkCulling,getYMonotonePolygons,generate,read,duUpdateGeometryTextures,gim_aabbset_update,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),setFacingVelocity,findMinMax,validateInputData,setMeshes,createCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,decompose,render,detachChildAt,random,write,createSky,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),getRotation,getAxes,createMass,updateLength,setVelocity,setCamera,setCamera,updatePositions,updateWorldBound,RevoluteJoint(C),read,read,setGeometryData,getTextureMode,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,DxGimpact(C),cleanup,write,getDirection,generateOrthonormalBasis,multLocal,updateUniformBindings,__ccdGJK,ccdPtEdgeVec3,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,getRotation,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,addPoint,getNumFaces,SolvedContactPoint(C),write,rotate,read,ccdGeomToObj,write,addOccluders,computeZFar,read,write,read,calcScreenArea,testCollision,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,rotate,clone,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getRadius,computeLocalInertiaTensor,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,DVector3Tovec3f,read,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,cleanProbes,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,getTargetVertexIndex,read,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,updatePositions,write,getShadowCamera,dColliderFn,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,write,duUpdateGeometryTextures,dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,write,onShaderUse,link,last,getCubeMapCrossDebugViewWithMipMaps,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,checkCulling,updateShadowCams,onAction,update,dPlaneSpace,collide,setParams,distanceToCam,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,add,inverse,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,dotCol,SetupInitialContext,write,collideWith,onAnalog,dColliderFn,getI,dColliderFn,Eigen3f(C),EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,addContact,dColliderFn,distanceToCam,postFrame,setConvex,IsPointInPolygon,dVector3LengthSquare,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,createSapSpace,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,setRotationQuaternion,write,write,write,read,setTexture,FOO2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,rotate,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,getPointDepth,rotate,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,rotate,getAxes,rotate,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CONSTRUCTPLANE,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dColliderFn,getCursorPosition,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,getRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dBodyGetMass,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateShaderUniforms,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,write,interpolateNurbs,VertexInfo(C),BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,run,write,read,write,setUserTransformsInModelSpace,cloneForSpatial,setKeyframes,snapshot,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,write,set,Arrow(C),setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),read,AnimationFactory(C),setKeyframes,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,collideWith,onAction,deepClone,controlRender,measureAngle2,getInfo2,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,Fixture(C),setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,BodyFixture(C),dCollideCapsulePlane,getFormatsForCaps,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBody(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,write,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,iterator,getBody2,solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,solveVelocityConstraints,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,solveVelocityConstraints,dJointSetTransmissionRatio,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,dColliderFn,dSolveLCP,updateUniformBindings,setSleepLinearVelocity,checkMotionAllowed,getVelocityVariation,createCopy,getNormal,run,setAngularVelocity,setLinearVelocity,dColliderFn,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,step,getInfo2,dJointCreateTransmission,deleteShaderSource,getInertia,GJKAlgorithm(C),dotColCol,dMultiply1,dRFromAxisAndAngle,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,isEq,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRFromAxisAndAngle,setOrientation,glGetShader,glAttachShader,R,triangulate,write,TST1,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,getTransformMatrix,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,solveVelocityConstraints,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,registerBinding,initialize,write,loadFpsText,getScenes,visit,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,createLumShaders,dGeomRaySet,clearValue,getShaderParamDefineId,dJointGetDHingeAxis,getPlaceholderImage,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,addContactPoint,collision,notifyParamChanged,makeCurrent,dJointGetHingeAngleRate,setEnabled,read,enqueueCinematicEvent,loadGuiFont,JointInfo(C),solveVelocityConstraints,toString,setAnchor,dJointSetUniversalAxis1,initializeConstraints,setAxis,setNumAxes,solveVelocityConstraints,setAnchor,solveVelocityConstraints,dJointGetPRPosition,setAnchor,solvePositionConstraints,computeCurrentHingeAngle,generatePbrMaps,write,adjustMass,getPassMaterial,read,addMaterialParam,write,,read,loadFont,write,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,loadFont,LastTextureState(C),read,clone,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,Shader(C),BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,cloneForSpatial,write,read,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),initEvent,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,read,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),isEnabledAndDynamic,setAxes,getInfo2,getInfo2,initializeConstraints,initBeforeSolve,write,write,write,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxStepIsland_Stage3,dJointSetFixed,updateTargetDistance,warmStart,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,isVarying,init,reset,,getInfo2,getNumJoints,read,isAllowed,warmstart,controlUpdate,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,write,write,getVertexUniforms,write,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),rotate,setAnchor,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),impulseToForce,initParticleData,collide,setJ2aNegated,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,R,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,setRelativeValues,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),hashCode,setNumAxes,getI,solveVelocityConstraints,solveVelocityConstraints,HingeJointInfo(C),solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),initBeforeSolve,getInfo2,onStop,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,addLimot,SliderJointInfo(C),getJoints,getTangentialImpulse,computeFrictionVectors,updateParticleData,read,initEvent,read,write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,merge,trigger,Impulse(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),Island(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),AssignIslandSelection,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),solve,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,ThreadedProcessJobStart,solve,setArg,getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),solveVelocityContraints,render,onAction,isOutside,rotate]},
sphere:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.light.PointLight,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.math.Transform,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.math.Ray,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.Material,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType], [dGeomGetPosition,updatePositions,getMaxAxis,getRandomPoint,getPointDepth,setBox,ccdGeomToObj,createQuadTreeSpace,setPosition,rotate,computeLocalInertiaTensor,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,scaleTextureCoordinates,getExtent,getRotation,translate,flipAlongTheYAxis,rotate,getAxes,rotate,dColliderFn,clone,clone,collideCylCyl,dCollideCapsulePlane,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,updateGeometry,distance,clone,getRandomPointAndNormal,generateParallel,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,rotate,setGeometryData,Camera(C),setAxis2,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),setGeometryData,updateGeometry,rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,getTextureMode,getBody,contains,getCenter,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,findTargets,getRadius,gim_aabbset_alloc,getPoint,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setAxis,dColliderFn,calcScreenArea,Segment(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,expandPolytope,getC,testCollision,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,gim_closest_point_triangle_segment,dColliderFn,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,SpotLight(C),DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getYMonotonePolygons,interpolateCatmullRom,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,TransformVector3,LightList(C),fromAngleNormalAxis,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,riseCamera,dColliderFn,setAutoDisableDefaults,applyTorque,findMinMax,gatherGeometries,dColliderFn,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,setPrefilteredMap,contains,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,IsPointInPolygon,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,dGeomRaySet,dVector3CrossMat3Col,LightProbeBlendingProcessor(C),_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,intersectBrute,setRotateSpeed,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,removeAllJoints,dGeomTriMeshSetData,isZero,raycast,toString,getSimplex,clone,add,cross,getMatrix,angleBetween,generateOrthonormalBasis,rotate,getMagnitudeSquared,add,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,distance,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,getRandomPointAndNormal,setMaterialParameters,updateListenerParam,getPosition,getLocation,read,getPosition,setCamera,setCamera,breadthFirstTraversal,getLocalToWorldMatrix,wrap,setMinMax,fromTransformMatrix,getInertia,BoxShape(C),BodyFixture(C),getPosition,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,SUBTRACT,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,setPosition,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,SUBTRACT,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,getRotation,getCenter,createMass,BAR2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,updateFrustumPoints2,adjustMass,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,getRandomPointAndNormal,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,interpolatePath,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,rotateAboutCenter,zoomCamera,setSpatial,toRotationMatrix,getInitialVelocity,setLightListRefresh,setConvex,whichSide,dJointCreateBall,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,raycast,raycast,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVector3Array,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,collideWith,get3,getTargetVertexIndex,collide,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,makeCurrent,link,updateAABB,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,getDirection,DynamicsWorld(C),makeCurrent,setMaterialParameters,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,getContactNormal,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,getReactionTorque,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,PinJoint(C),addKeyFrameTranslation,setScene,CompactVector3Array(C),swap,cloneForSpatial,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,mult,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,getWrapMode,clone,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),Spline(C),merge,read,toVector3f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,clearMatParams,AnimationEvent(C),read,setSpatial,equals,getTranslations,isRequiresDepthTexture,getTranslations,getLight,clone,isRequiresDepthTexture,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,merge,fixRefreshFlags,clearParam,anchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,bindCamera,isEmpty,createSky,getEigenVector,getCenter,getDirection,getWorldBindPosition,setB,Line(C),get3,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,last,onNewTexture,setOrigin,GJKAlgorithm(C),setCamera,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,getDuration,getInertiaTensorInverseWorld,cloneForSpatial,generate,makeCurrent,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,dMakeRandomMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,setTexture,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,contains,collideWith,getC,getJoints,addForceAtPos,getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,decompose,setEnabled,setMaterialParameters,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,solveVelocityConstraints,computeAABB,render,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,renderViewPort,JointInfo(C),MotionEvent(C),onPlay,getSpeed,validateInputData,duUpdateGeometryTextures,TriangleData(C),getCenter,getFormatsForCaps,controlUpdate,measureAngle2,setAnchor,clone,setAnchor,setAxis,dMultiply1_331,fromOpenGL,getInfo2,dQFromAxisAndAngle,isAllowed,getJointSpeed,setAxis,getInfo2,getInfo2,getShaderParamDefineId,solveVelocityConstraints,setAnchor,getInfo2,setBall,getInfo2,computeEulerAngles,getInfo2,solveVelocityConstraint,setAxis,solveVelocityConstraint,dSolveLCP,setArg,updatePositions,duUpdateGeometryTextures,addOccluders,loadTexture,update,render,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadTexture,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,getAngularError,FrictionJoint(C),computeZFar,solve,solveVelocityContraints,solveVelocityConstraint,solvePositionConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),dRFromEulerAngles,Rotation(C),getLocalPointOnBody2,setValue,HingeJointInfo(C),onAction,getInfo1,SliderJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,getCursorPosition,postFrame,warmstart,Impulse(C),solvePositionConstraints,buildShader,setGravity,getTangentSpeed,getTangentialImpulse,initializeConstraints,setGravity,solvePositionConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,render,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),getBody2,getBody,dxStepIsland_Stage3,setFixture,Capacity(C),addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,compute_invM_JT,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,updateParticleData,lerp,initParticleData,checkMotionAllowed,Island(C),ThreadedProcessJobStart,setAnchor,solvePositionContraints,collide,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),duplicateCubeMap,setEnabled,postFrame,getSpeed,initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,glBindTexture,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,attachChild,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),compare,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,modifyTexture,setCamera,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,setAnchor,setAnchor,distanceToCam,distanceToCam,isVarying,init,initialize,dMultiply1,dVectorScale,dotRow,getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),viewCol,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glActiveTexture,pos,triangulate,pos,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),reshape,makeCurrent,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,getPlaceholderImage,getScenes,visit,initParticleData,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),rotate,VertexInfo(C),addLimot,updateProbe,reloadMaterial,initialize,setJ2aNegated,solve,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),reset,,isOutside,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,]},
cinematic:{[com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView], [CompactVector3Array(C),swap,construct,cloneForSpatial,intersectsBox,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,renderProcessing,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,set,getMaterial,readList,computeSkinningMatrices,read,length,deepClone,getValueAsString,opposite,clone,getCapsule,updateGeometry,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),attachDebugNode,distanceSquared,fromFrame,getControlPoints,getPage,read,toVector3f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,initFrustumCam,intersectsBox,AnimationEvent(C),updateWorldBound,read,setSpatial,createSimpleClone,setKeyframes,EmitterPointShape(C),switchToSoftware,getMaterial,setKeyframes,getLight,write,read,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,createPolygonAtOrigin,write,write,Pose(C),read,getVolume,getDefinition,merge,move,rotateScreenAligned,setTexture,project,anchor2,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),setSpatial,setEnableCurrentCam,isEmpty,convertToHalf,getDuration,getVolume,getVelocity,MotionEvent(C),onPause,getSpeed,dGeomGetPosition,removeFixtures,dGeomTriMeshSetData,dCollideHeightfieldZone,setCamera,setLeftPlane,getAxes,computeAABB,updateGeometry,createQuadTreeSpace,setBox,setGeometryData,collideWithTri,computeLastDistance,deepClone,write,ClosestPointBetweenSegments,ccdCollide,getC,setTextureMode,getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,setEnabled,LightList(C),doDisplayFrustumDebug,getShadowCam,checkCulling,cloneForSpatial,controlUpdate,cloneFields,maxDifference,getCenter,random,Vector3Multiply,setOrigin,getInitialVelocity,getSurfaceTangentRotation,duUpdateGeometryVertices,distanceSquared,distanceSquared,Bone(C),computeAngleParameters,setB,getVolume,distance,get3,whichSide,dCollideCapsuleSphere,addFixture,ChaseCameraAppState(C),removeFixture,transformVector,riseCamera,loadMaterial,getFlyByCamera,getColor,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,loadMaterial,update,BitmapTextPage(C),cloneForSpatial,getBounds,getAxes,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getAxes,dCollideCapsulePlane,lightToSpatial,dJointSetTransmissionAxis,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getHeight,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,distance,visit,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,rotateAboutCenter,getAxes,getPointDepth,setGeometryData,containsGui,setAxis2,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,getBody,getAxes,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,collideCylCyl,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),dMaxDifference,dMaxDifference,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,viewCol,dVectorScale,dWtoDQ,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,dVector3Add,dotRow,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dRfromQ,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,setOrientation,getModelBound,Eigen3f(C),equals,subtract,glActiveTexture,glDeleteShader,pos,getBodyCount,triangulate,getPointDepth,getBound,modifyTexture,preloadScene,updateUniformBindings,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,gim_aabbset_update,dDOT,updateLightListUniforms,updatePositions,dConnectingJointList,computeUnionBound,Segment(C),createMass,RigidBody(C),create,getC,getJoints,addForceAtPos,getAxes,setPoi,_cldTestEdgeCircleAxis,_cldTestCircleToEdgeAxis,setGravity,getSpeed,ContactConstraint(C),initCamera,setGravity,setupTextureSwizzle,dJointSetFixed,setAxes,addHingeJoint,setInitialVelocity,DxJointConstrainedBall(C),ccdPtAddVertex,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,penEPAPos,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,getAABB,getAnchor2,setShaderFile,setJ2aNegated,setWarmStartDistance,isActive,resetBodiesForceAndTorque,computeMixedRestitutionFactor,setInitialVelocity,isActive,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,resetLimits,setInBuffer,getCursorPosition,sphericalToCartesian,PssmShadowRenderer(C),dJointAddUniversalTorques,set,getAnchor1,dColliderFn,setMotorEnabled,solvePositionConstraints,rotate,setMotorEnabled,solvePositionConstraint,setMaterial,PulleyJoint(C),toString,setAnchor,setAngularTarget,setAxis,setAxis,setLimitsEnabled,setAnchor,DistanceJoint(C),dJointAddPRTorque,setAnchor,dBodySetTorque,_cldClosestPointOnTwoLines,dColliderFn,setCamera,setCamera,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,IsOnHeightfield2,getEdgeTo,getConvexDecomposition,dCollideHeightfieldZone,getPrevious,calcScreenArea,dJointSetAMotorAxis,setMinMax,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,newTriangle,getFrameBufferSamplePositions,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,getNumVerticesOfFace,generate,FetchTriangleCount,getDistanceSquare,call,compare,contains,addKeyFrameTranslation,dColliderFn,initialize,collideWith,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,setVelocity,TriangleData(C),getCenter,clearValue,dJointAddHinge2Torques,updateParticleData,lerp,set,setAxis,setLowerLimit,initParticleData,getLocalSupportPointWithMargin,BoxShape(C),addOccluders,computeZFar,render,getInfo2,dJointSetLMotorAxis,solvePositionConstraints,getMagnitudeSquared,rotate,setAnchor,getAnchor1,setAnchor,BroadphaseItem(C),update,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,update,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,run,getData,dColliderFn,testCollision,CLASSIFY_TRIPOINTS_BY_FACE,getVelocity,getLocalPointOnBody2,add,createSky,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,createCopy,getNormal,run,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),solvePositionConstraint,solvePositionContraints,getTangentialImpulse,addContactPoint,SolvedContactPoint(C),dColliderFn,BasicShadowRenderer(C),gim_trimesh_ray_collision,cloneForSpatial,findMinMax,setPosition,getPosition,buildSurface,generateIrradianceMap,HingeJointInfo(C),computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,compare,SUBTRACT,distance,SUBTRACT,pos,done,distance,render,BodyFixture(C),dColliderFn,lengthSquared,isAllowed,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,dColliderFn,initParticleData,setSourceParams,addPerturbedContacts,GJKAlgorithm(C),intersectsBox,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,populateProbes,render,updateLightListUniforms,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,addPoint,onAction,newBodiesIndexPair,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,computeNextAvailableBodyID,collision,collision,testCollision,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,Technique(C),renderProcessing,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,JointInfo(C),BallAndSocketJoint(C),done,collideWith,get3,dJointSetDHingeAnchor1,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,reset,,VertexInfo(C),StripBox(C),setConvex,solve,generatePrefilteredEnvMap,interpolateNurbs,dColliderFn,ConstraintSolverData(C),snapshot,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),generateIrradianceMap,parseVector3,getVelocity,deepClone,dColliderFn,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,postProcess,getPlaceholderMaterial,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,addToInstancedGeometry,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),render,filterLights,reloadMaterial,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,init,dColliderFn,setAnchor,getInfo2,Fixture(C),getTransformMatrix,visit,isOutside,Box(C),setAnchor,dColliderFn,SliderJointInfo(C),getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,reload,compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,distanceToCam2,initialize,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,m_islandBodiesStartA,GetBodiesArray,getBodies,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),GetSelectedIslandBodiesA,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,setEnabled,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),distanceToCam,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getBody2,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,Impulse(C),getAxis,detect,setAxis,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),collide,checkMotionAllowed,updatePositions,addLimot,setArg,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C)]},
matrix4f:{[com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.scene.Node,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.material.MatParam,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact], [updateUniformBindings,read,isRequiresDepthTexture,updateUniformBindings,subtract,dWtoDQ,setFacingVelocity,read,read,clearMatParams,whichSide,setFrustumPerspective,Quaternion(C),dMULTIPLY0_331,dMultiply1,dVector3LengthSquare,dVectorScale,dMaxDifference,dCollide,dotRow,DVector3Tovec3f,deleteShaderSource,read,setInverseRotationDegrees,read,dMaxDifference,subEq,VEC_IMPACT_SQ,viewCol,getRow,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),equals,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dQMultiply1,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,setOrientation,Eigen3f(C),computeLocalInertiaTensor,glGetShader,glAttachShader,pos,raycast,triangulate,write,getPointDepth,write,rotateAroundOrigin,updateTargetsAndMaterials,write,setSphere,setAngularVelocity,setPosition,getGeometriesInLightRadius,read,findBatchByMaterial,postFrame,attachChild,StaticPassLightingLogic(C),addOccluders,computeZFar,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,read,getPoints,dGeomTriMeshSetData,dColliderFn,read,updateShaderUniforms,length,toVector3f,buildSurface,duplicateCubeMap,SUBTRACT,setSphereTotal,distance,SUBTRACT,pos,done,getMass,distance,getLimot1,read,setJ2aNegated,dCollideHeightfieldZone,read,EPAAlgorithm(C),_cldTestSeparatingAxes,dBodyGetAutoDisableAngularThreshold,render,setArg,dJointSetFixed,anchor2,read,GJKAlgorithm(C),getHingeAngle,collideWith,solveVelocityConstraints,getReactionTorque,setAxes,getVector3Array,getCursorPosition,asin,addWayPoint,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxStepIsland_Stage3,getReactionTorque,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),solvePositionContraints,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,getReactionTorque,collide,createMass,getRadius,createMass,updateLength,getRadius,warmstart,cloneForSpatial,getContactNormal,setToleranceAngle,getYMonotonePolygons,warmstart,createPolygonalCapsule,_cldClipCylinderToBox,getTranslation,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,dJointSetPRAnchor,write,intersectsFrustum,intersectsFrustum,clone,clone,AmbientLight(C),setSourceParams,isVelocityFromTranslation,Listener(C),read,getVelocity,read,duUpdateGeometryTextures,decompose,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,getMotorTorque,updateWorldBound,cloneForSpatial,setSpeed,getDuration,write,write,onPlay,setSpeed,isEmpty,getSpeed,setMass,read,setVelocity,getVolume,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,read,updatePositions,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,createMass,__ccdGJK,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,read,addPoint,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,last,onShaderUse,from,contains,getAxis,detect,dJointSetLMotorParam,getInfo2,setAxis,createSphere,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,AXES(C),DxJointHinge2(C),EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),DegenEpilogue,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),computeAABB,merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,AbstractShape(C),BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,AbstractCollidable(C),run,getRotation,read,compare,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,CompactQuaternionArray(C),write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,dot,read,clone,getCapsule,read,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),read,read,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,read,createSimpleClone,read,deepClone,setKeyframes,getLight,clone,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,read,getDefinition,CompactVector3Array(C),merge,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),setDefaultHorizontalRotation,duUpdateGeometryTextures,distanceToCam,compare,setLight,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,write,getRadius,DxJointTransmission(C),getRadius1,dJointCreateAMotor,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,gim_triangle_capsule_collision,contains,getMass,getPosition,read,solvePositionConstraints,toString,setAnchor,setAxis,solveVelocityConstraints,solvePositionConstraints,setAnchor,solvePositionConstraints,setAnchor,setConvex,IsPointInPolygon,getRadius2,cleanProbes,initParticleData,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,dColliderFn,getLight,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setDefaultHorizontalRotation,update,dColliderFn,createCopy,gim_merge_contacts,getNormal,run,convertToHalf,solve,getMagnitudeSquared,setEnabled,read,update,getRestitutionVelocity,write,read,computeAABB,triangulate,addTimeRotation,onAction,initialize,iterator,getBody2,CollisionBody(C),solveVelocityConstraint,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,removeNoCollisionPair,addObject,removePair,updateObject,collideWith,get3,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getBodies,getLocalSupportPointWithoutMargin,testCollision,zoomCamera,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,getRadius,rotate,integrateRigidBodiesPositions,createLumShaders,interpolateNurbs,dColliderFn,registerBinding,initialize,getInnerRadius,loadFpsText,VertexInfo(C),createSky,render,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),getType,getVertexGlobal,clone,isZero,raycast,add,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,getScenes,visit,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,getInfo2,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,notifyParamChanged,MaterialKey(C),render,postQueue,setShaderGenerator,reload,createClone,,getShaderGenerator,getRadius,Fixture(C),setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,BodyFixture(C),getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,getRadius,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),read,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,getRadius,intersect,DxJointAMotor(C),dJointSetPistonAnchorOffset,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),setAnchor,getInfo2,getPlaceholderImage,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,ccdGeomToSphere,dCollideSpherePlane,updateParticleData,set,getReactionTorque,initParticleData,setAutoDisableAverageSamplesCount,read,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dCollideCapsuleBox,VEC_SCALE,dColliderFn,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,getFormatsForCaps,setCamera,setCamera,setFrictionImpulse2,getRadius,getOuterRadius,checkMotionAllowed,getVelocityVariation,generatePbrMaps,makeCurrent,AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,computeBlendFactors,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),IsOnHeightfield2,computeAABB,setEnabled,doubleSize,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,CapsuleShape(C),getPrevious,getRadius,isAllowed,getMotorTorque,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,setGravity,getTangentSpeed,getInertia,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,setFixture,Capacity(C),Island(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),AssignIslandSelection,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,setLengths,run,isVarying,init,getInfo2,SliderJointInfo(C),dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,solveVelocityConstraints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,ThreadedProcessJobStart,,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,collide,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),addLimot,getFrictionImpulse2,dCollideCapsuleSphere,Impulse(C),computeMixedRestitutionFactor,JointInfo(C),removeObject,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,collision,reset,,generateUniforms,calcScreenArea,getSpeed,setGravity,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),testCollision,isOutside,dCollideCapsulePlane,addContact,getTangentialImpulse,WireSphere(C),ray_sphere_helper,ccdVec3Normalize,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,setParams,setAxis,setAnchor,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),solve,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxSphere(C),DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,solveVelocityContraints,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,HingeJointInfo(C),ConstraintSolverData(C),getInfo2]},
piston:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports], [dJointSetLMotorParam,setMode,getInfo2,setBall,setAutoDisableDefaults,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,collide,dInitColliders,anchor1,addBody,addLimot,dJointSetPistonAxis,setAnchor,dJointCreateAMotor,getInfo1,createCylinder,clone,setRelativeValues,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,inverseRotateVect,setSphere,getCollideBits,ccdGeomToCyl,dRFromEulerAngles,dBoxTouchesBox,dMakeRandomMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,getMass,dJointSetHingeAxis,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dMULTIPLY0_333,GetPointFromBarycentric,setLengths,ray_sphere_helper,add,dColliderFn,_cldClipPolyToPlane,_cldClipBoxToCylinder,setJ1aCrossMatrix,dCreatePlane,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,dJointSetPRAxis2,setAnchor,dColliderFn,updateParticleData,from,DxJointUniversal(C),setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,R,setCylinder,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,reTranspose,getNormal,dColliderFn,dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,setParams,clone,setMaxAngularSpeed,deserialize,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,getRadius1,setAnchor,addTorques,getInfo2,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dLDLTAddTL,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),isRequiresDepthTexture,equals,makeGeometry,Rw,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,getMass,ccdVec3Normalize,getReactionForce,toString,createSweptAABB,getMaterial,initializeConstraints,initializeConstraints,getReactionForce,isCollisionAllowed,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,getRadius,getJointSpeed,computeCurrentHingeAngle,getTranslations,getTranslations,update,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),setLimitEnabled,toString,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorSpeed,dColliderFn,getTangentSpeed,SliderJointInfo(C),computePenetrationDepthForEnlargedObjects,removeAllJoints,getBody2,setBody1,getBody,getPenetrationImpulse,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeNarrowPhase,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,createCollisionBody,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,isCollisionEnabled,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),setVector2,isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,read,getMatrix,getVector2Array,solveVelocityConstraint,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),getVertexGlobal,computeAABB,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,setLightListRefresh,toString,Triangle(C),IntersectSegmentPlane,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),onStop,Circle(C),getAxis,detect,getAxes,getRadius,getAxes,getRadius,AXES(C),initialize,isOutside,generateNodeMainSection,solve,getInfo2,getBody2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),getRadius,HingeJointInfo(C),dRSetIdentity,getInfo2,getWrapMode,updateGeometry,createMass,solveVelocityConstraint,dFactorCholesky,loadCapabilitiesCommon,collide,collide2,computeAABB,calculateEigen,toString,GIM_CONVERT_VEC3F_GUINT_XZ_CLAMPED,WireSphere(C),getRadius,fromAxes,DxCylinder(C),clearSetByCurrentMaterial,updateWorldLightList,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,getTangentialImpulse,MotionEvent(C),lengthSquared,oppositeLocal,fromOpenGL,read,isAllowed,getReferenceFace,AnimationEvent(C),initialize,getSpeed,riseCamera,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),initCamera,setupTextureSwizzle,bindCamera,getWorldBindPosition,addKeyFrameTranslation,getVelocity,invert,read,Rotation(C),setFrustumPerspective,setArg,ChaseCamera(C),read,updateParticleData,lerp,read,toString,getRestitutionVelocitySquared,getSliceRadius,getAxes,duUpdateGeometryTextures,render,onAction,getRadius,getOuterRadius,rotateBillboard,create,getRadius,getRadius,updateAABB,dColliderFn,read,dColliderFn,setOrigin,influenceParticle,getVelocity,setInitialVelocity,setInitialVelocity,solveVelocityContraints,getAngleBetween,rotate,getRotationDiscRadius,AbstractCollidable(C),toString,dot,getNegativeEnd,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRadius,dColliderFn,JointInfo(C),getRadius2,getTextureMode,clone,clone,read,contains,AmbientLight(C),transform,LightProbe(C),scaleTextureCoordinates,plusEq,setSourceParams,read,getVelocity,read,cloneForSpatial,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,scale,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,getRadius,getDistanceSquare,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,__ccdGJK,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,read,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,addPoint,setToleranceAngle,updateLength,getNumFaces,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,run,last,onShaderUse,DxGimpact(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,computeSilhouette,getNormal,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),setGeometry,computeAABB,merge,call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),halfLink,calcTexArea,FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,TRIANGLE_GET_UVPARAMETERS,counterClockwise,DirectionalLightShadowRenderer(C),setLight,getLight,detachChildAt,addPerturbedContacts,getDirection,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,compare,dColliderFn,setVelocity,createCopy,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,getNormal,run,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,iterator,CollisionBody(C),getEstimatedCollisionPairs,CloseODEForMode,testCollision,collideWith,get3,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getRadius,computeLocalInertiaTensor,testCollision,TriangleData(C),getCenter,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getLocalBounds,Fixture(C),getRandomPoint,getWayPointIndexForDistance,getRandomPointAndNormal,getType,getRandomPointAndNormal,attachChild,duUpdateGeometryTextures,clone,whichSide,setWorldMatrix,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCylinder,dColliderFn,validateInputData,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,read,getRadius,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,duplicateCubeMap,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,collideWith,decompose,dCollideSpherePlane,write,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,LightControl(C),getFlyByCamera,duUpdateGeometryNormals,updateTargetsAndMaterials,write,cloneForSpatial,testCollision,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,cloneForSpatial,read,cloneForSpatial,initialize,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,getStart,createSimpleClone,VariableMapping(C),subtract,Spline(C),merge,read,toVector3f,createSimpleClone,write,equals,setShadowZFadeLength,read,setSpatial,getRandomPoint,isRequiresDepthTexture,getLight,getCapsule,cloneForSpatial,write,write,Pose(C),read,getDefinition,merge,project,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),setLightFilter,isZero,raycast,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,cleanProbes,dSolveLCP,convertToHalf,findMinMax,setConvex,setCamera,getType,clone,addOccluders,computeZFar,setCamera,setCamera,computeLocalInertiaTensor,orthogonalLineFit,setShadowZFadeLength,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,render,getShaderGenerator,isLineWrap,setAlignment,loadDarken,setShaderGenerator,update,getTexture,cloneForSpatial,createSky,setEnabled,doubleSize,dColliderFn,cloneForSpatial,cloneFields,cleanup,makeCurrent,setB,calcScreenArea,distanceToCam,compare,makeCurrent,getShadowCamera,initialize,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,Arrow(C),setImage,interpolate,CubeMapWrapper(C),getInnerRadius,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,triangulate,VertexInfo(C),getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),reload,compare,makeCurrent,registerBinding,initialize,setLighting,createLumShaders,addContact,getScenes,visit,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getPlaceholderImage,toString,setEnabled,addMaterialParam,Shader(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,makeCurrent,MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,glAttachShader,makeCurrent,render,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glGetShader,triangulate,dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,getFormatsForCaps,generatePbrMaps,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,getEdgeTo,getPrevious,cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),checkMotionAllowed,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,getRadius,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,isVarying,init,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),getCursorPosition,reset,]},
calculate:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Plane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.math.Ray,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.math.FastMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,com.jme3.post.Pass,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,VarType(C),com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver], [setAnchor,anchor1,dJointCreateAMotor,getInfo1,createLMotorJoint,clone,DxJointSlider(C),dJointSetPistonAxis,addLimot,dJointGetTransmissionRadius1,setAutoDisableDefaults,destroy,collide,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,DxJointDHinge(C),dJointSetLMotorParam,DxJointAMotor(C),getLimot1,read,CheckEdgeIntersection,dGetEulerAngleFromRot,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,scaleMatrix,read,gim_aabbset_alloc,dMULTIPLY0_331,dCollideBTL,dCollideBTL,getRotation,getMotorForce,dColliderFn,Decompose,computeAABB,SetupInitialContext,DxJointHinge(C),dMassSetParameters,_cldInitCylinderBox,getMaxAngularSpeed,setRelativeValues,getInfo2,ccdVec3Normalize,getRadius1,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setLengths,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,DxJointPR(C),setAnchor,updateParticleData,from,getLimot1,setMinMax,collide,getLengths,addTorque,R,getMass,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,reTranspose,getNormal,copyRotation,dWorldImpulseToForce,setParams,clone,impulseToForce,write,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dLDLTAddTL,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),isRequiresDepthTexture,equals,makeGeometry,Rw,hashCode,difference,setNumAxes,dColliderFn,getMass,setInBuffer,addBody,getQuaternion,collide,collide2,isOutside,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),createMass,checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),removeAllJoints,setSleepLinearVelocity,getBody2,getReactionForce,getReactionForce,setBody2,getReactionForce,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,run,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setLinearVelocity,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),solveVelocityConstraints,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage1,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getReactionTorque,FixedJointInfo(C),getReactionForce,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,getReactionForce,allow,getReactionForce,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,solveVelocityConstraint,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),read,isAllowed,run,dColliderFn,trigger,Quaternion(C),EmitterMeshFaceShape(C),getWrapMode,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),write,addFaceCandidate,WireSphere(C),getRadius,dQfromR,testCollision,computeCurrentHingeAngle,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorForce,dColliderFn,initBeforeSolve,clone,BoneTrack(C),BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,JointInfo(C),getUp,generateUniforms,duUpdateGeometryTextures,getCenter,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,read,getNormalImpulse,Triangle(C),duUpdateGeometryTextures,sortPlanes,ccdGeomToCap,dMakeRandomMatrix,dMakeRandomMatrix,dColliderFn,write,read,dFactorCholesky,SliderJointInfo(C),setAngularVelocity,updateAABB,initialize,set,createDebugSphere,toString,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,read,setTextureMode,loadCapabilitiesGL2,solve,DxJointFixed(C),updateGeometry,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,getPoint,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,createMass,getAxis,detect,getAxes,contains,getAxes,getFarthestPoint,AXES(C),dRFromEulerAngles,dColliderFn,oldClone,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),write,read,generate,read,setConvex,Camera(C),transform,read,exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,rotate,SpotLight(C),read,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,read,gim_triangle_triangle_overlap,onStop,duUpdateGeometryNormals,findMinMax,ccdPtFaceVertices,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,expandPolytope,ccd_vec3_t(C),testAndAddDiscContact,run,v,getAABB,gim_trimesh_trimesh_collision,interpolateCatmullRom,dColliderFn,getRotation,getRadius,createMass,Segment(C),doBatch,setVelocity,random,write,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,write,dCollideSpherePlane,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),visit,read,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,calcScreenArea,dColliderFn,getType,validateInputData,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,scaleTextureCoordinates,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,write,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,flipAlongTheYAxis,getRadius,getEdgeTo,getRadius,getConvexDecomposition,computeLocalInertiaTensor,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,read,fromAxes,dColliderFn,computeLocalInertiaTensor,getDirection,read,setGeometry,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,write,getAngleBetween,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,setFacingVelocity,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,rotate,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,initialize,getRow,link,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getTargetVertexIndex,isZero,raycast,getRestitutionVelocity,getSimplex,computeLocalInertiaTensor,add,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,lengthSquared,write,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,DxGimpact(C),AnimationFactory(C),dColliderFn,collideWith,get3,read,addPerturbedContacts,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,getCursorPosition,CreateCatmullRomPath,displayShadowMap,buildMatCache,createCopy,getNormal,run,hashCode,computeLocalInertiaTensor,updateAABB,testCollision,compare,raycast,raycast,write,AmbientLight(C),write,setPrefilteredMap,rotate,last,onNewTexture,getRotationDiscRadius,HingeJointInfo(C),call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,setMaterial,call,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),createMass,getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,findTargets,getRadius,Fixture(C),setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,updateListenerParam,FixedJoint(C),getLitGeometriesInViewPort,cloneForSpatial,rotateCamera,render,VertexInfo(C),duplicateCubeMap,read,write,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,getInertia,Transform(C),postFrame,isVelocityFromTranslation,getOffsetTransform,write,write,WireFrustum(C),createCatmullRomMesh,write,Arrow(C),setImage,CubeMapWrapper(C),read,vRotateCamera,setGenerationParam,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,getVolume,rotateAxial,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,isAllowed,outside,getRotationDiscRadius,run,write,collideWith,checkMotionAllowed,getVelocityVariation,read,updateParticleData,ChaseCameraAppState(C),lerp,set,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),cleanup,renderGeometryList,dColliderFn,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,write,write,update,setCamera,setCamera,render,render,rotate,createSky,dSolveLCP,decompose,fromOpenGL,read,isAllowed,render,cleanProbes,distanceToCam,read,setArg,addOccluders,computeZFar,onAction,loadGuiFont,equals,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,glActiveTexture,glBindTexture,triangulate,write,getFormatsForCaps,distanceToCam,modifyTexture,setCamera,swap,read,getSpeed,initEvent,read,setupTextureSwizzle,render,enqueueCinematicEvent,write,setTransformRefresh,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,cloneForSpatial,read,read,loadTexture,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,read,addToInstancedGeometry,write,cloneForSpatial,attachScene,loadTexture,read,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),setEnabled,read,read,read,write,read,read,populateProbes,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),renderMeshFromGeometry,populateProbes,render,read,isLineWrap,read,setAlignment,loadDarken,write,update,getTexture,render,modifyTexture,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,read,render,renderProcessing,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),addMaterialParamTexture,done,initEvent,read,renderProcessing,write,isRequiresDepthTexture,readList,read,getCapsule,createSimpleClone,read,createSimpleClone,write,equals,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,init,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,requiresDepthAsTexture,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,reset,,getTextureValue,setTextureTypeHint,getPlaceholderImage,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,reloadMaterial,,createSimpleClone,LastTextureState(C),postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,bindImage,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,getTangentialImpulse,visit,filterLights,getGeometry,add,onMaterialChange,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),compare,initialize,solveVelocityContraints]},
hinge2:{[org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,com.jme3.texture.Image,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,com.jme3.material.Material,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.texture.Texture,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.audio.Listener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,com.jme3.material.MatParam,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.animation.Bone,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,com.jme3.input.InputManager,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,com.jme3.math.Ring,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,com.jme3.font.Letters,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.util.TriangleData], [setAnchor,anchor1,dJointCreateAMotor,getInfo1,createMass,read,dJointGetHinge2Anchor,inverseRotateVect,setAutoDisableDefaults,destroy,collide,dGeomSetOffsetRotation,DxJointTransmission(C),addLimot,DxJointDHinge(C),dJointSetLMotorParam,setMode,DxJointSlider(C),dJointSetPistonAxis,DxJointUniversal(C),setRelativeValues,DxJointPR(C),dWorldGetMaxAngularSpeed,DxJointHinge(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),update,addBody,removeAllJoints,getBody2,getJointSpeed,toString,getReactionForce,setBody2,getReactionForce,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,dxStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,setFixture,Capacity(C),computeCollisionDetection,addJoint,ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,getMass,PairManager(C),setBody,SimpleContactManager(C),destroyed,getReactionForce,remove,getCollideBits,getReactionForce,PersistedContactPoint(C),getBody1Id,InteractionEdge(C),solveVelocityConstraints,GetJointsArrayP,JointEdge(C),getBody1,AllocateArrayDxBody,getTangentSpeed,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage0_Bodies,initializeConstraints,allow,setCollisionData,getJointAngle,FixedJointInfo(C),initializeConstraints,dUASSERT,removeCollisionShape,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,getMotorSpeed,allow,getReactionForce,getRadius,BroadPhasePair(C),toString,solveVelocityConstraint,getMass,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,GetSelectedIslandJointsA,m_islandJointsCount,ContactEdge(C),selectTechnique,isAllowed,setLengths,run,dColliderFn,trigger,add,setInBuffer,ThreadedProcessJobStart,Island(C),write,isOutside,getInfo2,computeCurrentHingeAngle,dJointSetPlane2DAngleParam,getMotorSpeed,generateNodeMainSection,testCollision,createMass,getFrictionImpulse2,WarmStartingContactManager(C),initBeforeSolve,Impulse(C),computeFrictionVectors,depthFirstTraversal,toString,Triangle(C),dMULTIPLYOP1_333,TestCollisionForSingleTriangle,dClipEdgeToPlane,SliderJointInfo(C),_cldInitCylinderBox,ray_sphere_helper,add,setJ1aCrossMatrix,setLengths,dMassSetParameters,dCreatePlane,_cldClipPolyToPlane,gim_trimesh_plane_collisionODE,DVector3RowTView(C),lengthSquared,setAnchor,dCollideBTL,updateParticleData,from,setMinMax,collide,addTorque,R,getMass,setAnchor2,equals,addTorques,add,getNormal,dCollideBTL,setParams,clone,setMaxAngularSpeed,write,addTorque,setAxis,updateParticleData,getRadius1,setAnchor,addTorques,set,setAxis,getRadius,setAxis,dSolveCholesky,DxHeightfieldData(C),DVector3ColView(C),write,read,makeGeometry,Rw,difference,setNumAxes,dColliderFn,getMass,ccdVec3Normalize,collide,collide2,dColliderFn,setConvex,toString,setMassInverse,initialize,computeAABB,calculateEigen,computeFromTris,gim_aabbset_box_collision,computePenetrationDepthAndContactPoints,solve,updateGeometry,dQfromR,ccdGeomToCap,createDebugSphere,write,write,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,dMaxDifferenceLowerTriangle,solveVelocityConstraints,ConstraintSolverData(C),JointInfo(C),getVelocity,BroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),removeObject,NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm(C),collision,collision,collision,collision,dGeomCapsuleSetParams,getValueAsString,breadthFirstTraversal,duUpdateGeometryNormals,getRandomPointAndNormal,isCollisionEnabled,set,WireSphere(C),onStop,DxJointFixed(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),getMass,sortPlanes,duUpdateGeometryNormals,HingeJointInfo(C),dInvertPDMatrix,getRadius,PQTorus(C),updateGeometry,Dome(C),initBeforeSolve,write,setTextureMode,loadCapabilitiesGL2,createMass,getAxis,detect,getAxes,createMass,getAxes,createMass,AXES(C),dColliderFn,setMatParamOverrideRefresh,Transform(C),toAngleAxis,dQfromR,read,setPlaneState,dColliderFn,read,clearValue,emitParticles,getRestitutionVelocity,setCamera,computeFromTris,setZoomSpeed,ChaseCamera(C),ChaseCameraAppState(C),createMass,distanceSquared,rotate,fixRefreshFlags,addFixture,removeFixture,getRadius,lerp,distance,distanceSquared,getAxes,write,dColliderFn,attachChild,NewtonianParticleInfluencer(C),addKeyFrameScale,updateParticleData,set,getAxes,MotionEvent(C),createMass,setSpatial,write,distanceSquaredTo,distance,Triangle(C),generateSharedVerticesIndexListSlow,setSourceParams,isVelocityFromTranslation,read,getVelocity,setArg,dColliderFn,setLighting,getCurrentCamera,getShadowCam,LightProbe(C),getTriangle,PLANE_CLASSIFY_BOX_TZ,equals,dTestSolveLCP,Matrix2x2(C),computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,gim_trimesh_plane_collision,setOrientation,computeLocalInertiaTensor,glGetShader,glDeleteShader,triangulate,cloneFields,read,createPolygonAtOrigin,dColliderFn,SphereVsSphereAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,Segment(C),createMass,gim_merge_contacts,computeLastDistance,computeLastDistance,createNode,computeLastDistance,translate,PssmShadowRenderer(C),collide,read,getCursorPosition,sphericalToCartesian,write,init,checkCulling,getShadowCam,onAction,makeCurrent,collideWith,render,addOccluders,computeZFar,read,isZero,raycast,clone,getSimplex,clone,add,write,getMagnitudeSquared,isUnit,length,clone,clone,lengthSquared,clone,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,lengthSquared,read,getType,read,isAllowed,getConvexDecomposition,mergeGeometries,read,clone,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,processTriangle,getEdgeTo,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,LightList(C),dColliderFn,dColliderFn,BroadphaseItem(C),detect,contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,detect,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,run,__ccdGJK,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideSphereConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideSphereSphere,snapshot,Fixture(C),read,setVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,setVelocityVariation,getRandomPointAndNormal,getRandomPointAndNormal,render,getRadius,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,random,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,addContact,getShadowCamera,setLeftPlane,DESTRUCTOR,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,space_geom_collider,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfieldZone,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dCollideRayCylinder,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,setPoi,getTangentialImpulse,write,getVelocityVariation,gim_triangle_sphere_collision,gim_trimesh_capsule_collision,calcScreenArea,duplicateCubeMap,setGenerationParam,setGenerationParam,compare,findMinMax,SkeletonWire(C),updateGeometry,updateGeometry,GetVertex,build,ccdPtEdgeVec3,getMaximum,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,getNumFaces,getTargetVertexIndex,link,toString,BoxShape(C),setCamera,setCamera,isPointInTriangle,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,render,VertexInfo(C),dColliderFn,dCollideRayCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,last,getData,GIM_CALC_TRIANGLE_DATA_PLANES,read,interpolateNurbs,collideWith,get3,read,toString,WireFrustum(C),setPlanePoints,createCatmullRomMesh,read,duUpdateGeometryVertices,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),intersectWherePlanar,read,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,BIHTriangle(C),buildSurface,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,compare,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,update,reset,,write,write,,read,read,loadModel,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,loadModel,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,clone,postProcess,getPlaceholderModel,printArgsTexParameter,read,renderProcessing,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,toString,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,read,generateNodeMainSection,resetUniformsNotSetByCurrent,read,write,read,render,extractIndirectLights,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),getMaterialParams,checkMotionAllowed,CLASSIFY_TRI_BY_FACE,createCopy,getNormal,run,testCollision,distanceToCam,cloneForSpatial,init,distanceToCam,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,getAlignment,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,iterator,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,witness,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,read,InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,GeometryBinding(C),MaterialKey(C),postQueue,reload,createClone,,updateProbe,setScene,detachChildAt,registerBinding,GeometryGroupNode(C),initialize,loadFpsText,render,getAmbientColor,getGeometry,add,compare,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),decomposePolygon,compare,AnimationEvent(C),getSpeed,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),read,getFlyByCamera,isLineWrap,setAlignment,write,update,cloneForSpatial,onStop,cloneForSpatial,initEvent,read,cloneForSpatial,write,readList,read,getCapsule,read,write,read,setSpatial,getLight,getCapsule,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,write,write,read,SpotLightShadowFilter(C),PointLightShadowFilter(C),filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,getScenes,visit,createSky,setCamera,getFormatsForCaps,cloneForSpatial,setEnabled,setConvex,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),AnimationTrack(C),cloneForSpatial,setSpatial,cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),visit,cloneForSpatial,MotionTrack(C),solveVelocityContraints,setEnabled,TriangleData(C)]},
volume:{[com.jme3.material.logic.StaticPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingBox,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingVolume,com.jme3.math.FastMath,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTree,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikktspaceTangentGenerator,com.jme3.light.SpotLight,com.jme3.shadow.ShadowUtil,com.jme3.bounding.BoundingSphere,com.jme3.util.TangentBinormalGenerator,com.jme3.scene.Geometry,com.jme3.renderer.Camera,com.jme3.light.LightProbe,com.jme3.scene.Spatial,com.jme3.scene.Mesh,org.ode4j.math.DMatrixN,com.jme3.audio.openal.ALAudioRenderer,com.jme3.audio.AudioNode,com.jme3.audio.Listener,com.jme3.audio.LowPassFilter,com.jme3.audio.AudioSource,com.jme3.light.DirectionalLight,com.jme3.light.Light,com.jme3.light.AmbientLight,com.jme3.math.Transform,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshVertexShape,com.jme3.collision.SweepSphere,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitter,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResult,com.jme3.bounding.Intersection,com.jme3.scene.shape.Surface,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshFaceShape,com.jme3.scene.shape.AbstractBox,com.jme3.scene.BatchNode,com.jme3.light.PointLight,com.jme3.math.Ring,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterSphereShape,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.scene.shape.Dome,org.dyn4j.geometry.Polygon,com.jme3.math.Ray,com.jme3.math.Plane,com.jme3.math.Line,com.jme3.math.LineSegment,com.jme3.math.Vector3f,com.jme3.math.Quaternion,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassLightingLogic,org.dyn4j.geometry.Slice,org.dyn4j.geometry.HalfEllipse,org.dyn4j.geometry.Segment,org.dyn4j.geometry.Link,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterBoxShape,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector2,com.jme3.math.Triangle,com.jme3.util.TriangleData,com.jme3.collision.bih.TriangleAxisComparator,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHTriangle,com.jme3.math.Vector2f,com.jme3.math.Vector4f,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeList,org.dyn4j.geometry.Geometry,com.jme3.material.logic.MultiPassLightingLogic,com.jme3.scene.shape.StripBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimAABBSet,com.jme3.animation.ClonableTrack,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rectangle,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccd,com.jme3.scene.Node,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDPolyTope,com.jme3.scene.control.AreaUtils,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConvexMeshShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactData,org.ode4j.ode.DTriMeshData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.MonotonePolygon,com.jme3.util.BufferUtils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldTriangle,org.dyn4j.geometry.Wound,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonWire,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxTriMeshDisabledData,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimesh,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.Simplex,com.jme3.util.mikktspace.MikkTSpaceImpl,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SolvedContactPoint,com.jme3.util.SkyFactory,com.jme3.material.logic.SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.SphereVsSphereAlgorithm,com.jme3.light.DefaultLightFilter,com.jme3.light.PoiLightProbeLightFilter,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.SweepLine,com.jme3.texture.image.MipMapImageRaster,com.jme3.texture.image.DefaultImageRaster,com.jme3.opencl.Device,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListFace,com.jme3.scene.VertexBuffer,org.dyn4j.geometry.Ellipse,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.ConeShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfieldData,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListVertex,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CapsuleShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CylinderShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTrimeshHeightfield,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.DoubleEdgeListHalfEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpactCollision,com.jme3.light.LightList,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHeightfield,com.jme3.scene.control.LodControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshCapsuleCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGimpact,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Bayazit,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireBox,com.jme3.collision.bih.BIHNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector3,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Gjk,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Settings,org.ode4j.math.DQuaternion,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Quaternion,org.dyn4j.geometry.Vector3,org.ode4j.math.DVector3,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Vector2,org.ode4j.math.DVector6,org.ode4j.math.DVector4C,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.SphereShape,org.ode4j.math.DVector4,org.ode4j.math.DVector3C,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterPointShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sTrimeshBoxColliderData,com.jme3.scene.shape.Sphere,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingProcessor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimeshTrianglesCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshSphereCollision,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereConvex,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRaySphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexSphereCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSphereSphere,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EdgeEPA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpherePlane,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RevoluteJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollisionLibccdCylinderStacking,com.jme3.environment.util.BoundingSphereDebug,com.jme3.math.Eigen3f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxMass,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowRenderer,com.jme3.app.ChaseCameraAppState,com.jme3.app.LegacyApplication,org.ode4j.ode.OdeMath,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.Utils,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder,com.jme3.scene.CollisionData,com.jme3.shadow.OccludersExtractor,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowUtil,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCylinder_ODE_0_12,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTriCollision,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TrianglesStore,com.jme3.renderer.Statistics,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.EPAAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.EPA.TriangleComparison,org.dyn4j.geometry.Capsule,com.jme3.scene.shape.Cylinder,com.jme3.scene.shape.PQTorus,com.jme3.scene.shape.Torus,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.CollisionDetection,com.jme3.math.Spline,com.jme3.environment.util.EnvMapUtils,com.jme3.environment.generation.PrefilteredEnvMapFaceGenerator,com.jme3.math.CurveAndSurfaceMath,com.jme3.math.Matrix4f,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimGeometry,com.jme3.scene.control.BillboardControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxConvex,com.jme3.util.VertexInfo,com.jme3.environment.generation.IrradianceMapGenerator,org.dyn4j.collision.AbstractCollidable,org.dyn4j.geometry.Circle,org.dyn4j.geometry.AbstractShape,com.jme3.shadow.BasicShadowRenderer,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowRenderer,com.jme3.animation.CompactVector3Array,com.jme3.animation.Bone,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionEvent,com.jme3.animation.BoneTrack,com.jme3.scene.shape.Line,com.jme3.environment.EnvironmentCamera,com.jme3.scene.debug.WireFrustum,com.jme3.cinematic.MotionPath,com.jme3.scene.shape.Curve,com.jme3.animation.Pose,com.jme3.math.Matrix3f,com.jme3.scene.debug.Arrow,com.jme3.math.ColorRGBA,com.jme3.ui.Picture,com.jme3.environment.util.CubeMapWrapper,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterMeshConvexHullShape,com.jme3.math.Rectangle,com.jme3.animation.AnimationFactory,com.jme3.material.Material,com.jme3.animation.SpatialTrack,com.jme3.input.ChaseCamera,com.jme3.util.xml.SAXUtil,com.jme3.effect.influencers.RadialParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.math.AbstractTriangle,com.jme3.input.FlyByCamera,com.jme3.shadow.PssmShadowFilter,com.jme3.effect.shapes.EmitterShape,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointAMotor,com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager,com.jme3.effect.influencers.ParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.effect.influencers.EmptyParticleInfluencer,com.jme3.collision.MotionAllowedListener,com.jme3.effect.influencers.DefaultParticleInfluencer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderPlane,org.ode4j.ode.DConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCollisionUtil,org.ode4j.ode.OdeHelper,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSphere,org.ode4j.ode.DMass,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideSpaceGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBoxOld,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeInit,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Block,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSimpleSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxHashSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace2,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideBoxCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuadTreeSpace,org.ode4j.ode.DGeom,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxAbstractHeightfield,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxSAPSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCylinderCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvex,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshRay,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexConvexCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexBoxCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBody,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderTrimesh,com.jme3.animation.SkeletonControl,com.jme3.animation.Skeleton,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshTrimeshCol,com.jme3.renderer.queue.OpaqueComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimTrimeshRayCollision,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.Sap,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTree,org.dyn4j.collision.Fixture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyFixture,com.jme3.environment.util.LightsDebugState,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseItem,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseKey,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsListener,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.SapProxy,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DynamicAABBTreeLeaf,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.DefaultBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphasePair,org.dyn4j.collision.FixtureIterator,org.dyn4j.collision.Bounds,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilterAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.AbstractBroadphaseDetector,org.dyn4j.collision.broadphase.BroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.collision.BoundsAdapter,org.dyn4j.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_fn,org.ode4j.ode.DMisc,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Misc,org.ode4j.ode.DTriRayCallback,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMeshDisabled,org.ode4j.ode.internal.HeightFieldPlane,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer,com.jme3.scene.mesh.WrappedIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.DTriTriMergeCallback,com.jme3.scene.mesh.VirtualIndexBuffer,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxTriMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DTriCallback,org.dyn4j.geometry.Triangle,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedGeometry,com.jme3.collision.Collidable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCylinderCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexTrimesh,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimContact,com.jme3.scene.shape.Box,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.DCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.DCapsule,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.CircleDetector,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimRadixSort,org.ode4j.ode.DTransmissionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBoneConfig,org.dyn4j.geometry.AABB,org.dyn4j.geometry.Shape,org.ode4j.ode.DSphere,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdollBody,org.dyn4j.collision.continuous.ConservativeAdvancement,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.EarClipping,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollBoneConfig,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderTrimeshColliderData,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsulePlane,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.BoxShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.CollisionShape,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.CollisionBody,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.CollisionWorld,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.NarrowPhaseAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointTransmission,com.jme3.collision.CollisionResults,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPointInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.Joint,org.dyn4j.collision.Collisions,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.shapes.AABB,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.Joint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.NoBroadPhaseAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.PairManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BroadPhaseAlgorithm,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PinJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideRayCapsule,org.dyn4j.geometry.Mass,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.DynamicsWorld,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowRenderer,com.jme3.input.InputManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DLCP,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Body,com.jme3.shadow.AbstractShadowFilter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.sCylinderBoxData,com.jme3.renderer.queue.TransparentComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GimBufferArrayFloat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_TRIANGLE_RAY_CONTACT_DATA,org.ode4j.ode.internal.gimpact.GIM_PROCESS_BUFFER_ARRAY_FN,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.RigidBody,com.jme3.shader.UniformBindingManager,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_pt_el_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDVec3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDMPR,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_first_dir_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDQuat,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.CCDSupport,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_vec3_t,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_center_fn,org.ode4j.ode.internal.libccd.ccd_support_t,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.narrowphase.GJK.GJKAlgorithm,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleBox,org.dyn4j.dynamics.World,com.jme3.system.NullRenderer,com.jme3.scene.control.LightControl,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideTrimeshCCylinder,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPiston,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.OdeJointsFactoryImpl,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3C,org.ode4j.ode.DMatrix,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Rotation,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix22,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix2x2,org.dyn4j.geometry.Matrix33,org.ode4j.math.DMatrix3,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Matrix,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Matrix3x3,org.ode4j.ode.DRotation,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.mathematics.Transform,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugES,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosR,org.dyn4j.geometry.decompose.Triangulator,com.jme3.scene.AssetLinkNode,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxBox,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLImageFormats,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsuleCCD,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideConvexCapsule,org.ode4j.ode.internal.CollideCapsuleCylinder,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonPoints,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonInterBoneWire,com.jme3.shader.Uniform,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxRay,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BroadPhasePair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SimpleContactManager,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.BodyPair,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.broadphase.SweepAndPruneAlgorithm,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.OverlappingPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.WarmStartingContactManager,org.dyn4j.dynamics.CollisionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactAdapter,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactManifold,org.dyn4j.dynamics.TimeOfImpactListener,com.jme3.scene.SimpleBatchNode,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.JointInfo,com.jme3.material.MatParam,org.ode4j.ode.internal.ragdoll.DxRagdoll,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDHinge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.SequentialImpulses,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxQuickStep,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Step,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PulleyJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Torque,org.ode4j.ode.DHinge2Joint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointUniversal,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.MotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.FrictionJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAMotorJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.RopeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DUniversalJoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.DistanceJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPR,org.ode4j.ode.DPRJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointHinge,com.jme3.scene.Batch,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GeometryList,com.jme3.scene.GeometryGroupNode,com.jme3.renderer.queue.GuiComparator,com.jme3.material.logic.DefaultTechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.renderer.queue.RenderQueue,com.jme3.scene.debug.SkeletonDebugger,com.jme3.scene.shape.Quad,com.jme3.util.GeometryBinding,com.jme3.renderer.queue.NullComparator,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointConstrainedBall,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointFixed,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointDBall,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticleTriMesh,com.jme3.renderer.ViewPort,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitorAdapter,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointBall,com.jme3.texture.Image,com.jme3.light.LightFilter,com.jme3.light.BasicProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.light.LightProbeBlendingStrategy,com.jme3.util.MaterialDebugAppState,com.jme3.app.BasicProfilerState,com.jme3.post.FilterPostProcessor,com.jme3.app.StatsAppState,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WheelJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJoint,com.jme3.post.HDRRenderer,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEventListener,org.ode4j.ode.DBody,com.jme3.material.TechniqueDef,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLMotor,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.Info2Descr,org.ode4j.math.DVector3RowTView,org.ode4j.ode.DBallJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DAABB,org.ode4j.ode.DBox,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxPosRC,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleBallJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3View,org.ode4j.ode.DPlane,org.ode4j.ode.internal.DxWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DWorld,org.ode4j.ode.DPistonJoint,com.jme3.effect.ParticlePointMesh,org.ode4j.ode.DPUJoint,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointSlider,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPU,org.ode4j.ode.DRay,org.ode4j.ode.DDoubleHingeJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DSliderJoint,org.ode4j.math.DVector3ColView,com.jme3.texture.Texture,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintId,org.ode4j.ode.DLMotorJoint,org.ode4j.ode.DMassC,com.jme3.util.PlaceholderAssets,com.jme3.material.Technique,com.jme3.material.logic.TechniqueDefLogic,com.jme3.app.FlyCamAppState,com.jme3.scene.CameraNode,com.jme3.cinematic.Cinematic,com.jme3.app.SimpleApplication,org.ode4j.ode.DSpace,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointPlane2D,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.PrismaticJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJoint,org.ode4j.ode.ragdoll.DRagdollConfig,com.jme3.environment.LightProbeFactory,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointLimitMotor,com.jme3.scene.control.Control,com.jme3.animation.AnimControl,com.jme3.animation.AudioTrack,com.jme3.asset.DesktopAssetManager,com.jme3.effect.ParticleEmitterControl,com.jme3.app.StatsView,com.jme3.animation.KillParticleControl,com.jme3.scene.control.UpdateControl,com.jme3.environment.SnapshotJob,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationEvent,com.jme3.scene.SceneGraphVisitor,com.jme3.scene.control.AbstractControl,com.jme3.animation.EffectTrack,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstancedNodeControl,com.jme3.asset.AssetManager,com.jme3.animation.Animation,com.jme3.cinematic.events.MotionTrack,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AnimationTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamTexture,VarType(C),com.jme3.asset.TextureKey,com.jme3.post.Filter,com.jme3.texture.TextureArray,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.TextureUtil,com.jme3.texture.image.LastTextureState,com.jme3.post.Pass,com.jme3.font.BitmapTextPage,com.jme3.texture.TextureProcessor,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLTracer,com.jme3.texture.TextureCubeMap,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GL3,com.jme3.texture.FrameBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.Renderer,com.jme3.opencl.Context,com.jme3.texture.Texture2D,com.jme3.texture.Texture3D,com.jme3.texture.RenderBuffer,com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLDebugDesktop,isTextureType,com.jme3.shadow.PointLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.scene.LightNode,com.jme3.shadow.SpotLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.shadow.DirectionalLightShadowFilter,com.jme3.light.BlendFactor,com.jme3.environment.JobListener,com.jme3.material.MaterialDef,com.jme3.shader.Shader,com.jme3.font.BitmapFont,com.jme3.scene.instancing.InstanceTypeKey,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Material,EdgeFilteringMode(C),com.jme3.asset.MaterialKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapText,com.jme3.post.PreDepthProcessor,com.jme3.util.FilterBinding,com.jme3.material.MaterialProcessor,getMaterialParamValue,org.dyn4j.geometry.Transform,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJoint,com.jme3.scene.control.CameraControl,com.jme3.shader.ShaderGenerator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Island,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointContact,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.WeldJoint,com.jme3.animation.CompactQuaternionArray,org.dyn4j.dynamics.AABBBroadphaseFilter,com.jme3.shader.Glsl100ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.util.FileChangedTrigger,com.jme3.renderer.RenderContext,supports,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxStepperProcessingCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessIslandsInfo,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Island,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolver,org.ode4j.ode.internal.joints.DxJointGroup,org.ode4j.ode.internal.dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxSingleIslandCallContext,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeDefinition,com.jme3.material.ShaderGenerationInfo,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNodeVariable,com.jme3.shader.ShaderNode,com.jme3.shader.VariableMapping,com.jme3.animation.AnimChannel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraint,com.jme3.cinematic.events.CinematicEvent,com.jme3.cinematic.events.AbstractCinematicEvent,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.SliderJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.events.SoundEvent,com.jme3.audio.AudioKey,com.jme3.animation.TrackInfo,com.jme3.scene.UserData,com.jme3.asset.AssetKey,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacter,com.jme3.export.JmeExporter,com.jme3.animation.PoseFrame,com.jme3.font.Kerning,com.jme3.material.RenderState,com.jme3.export.JmeImporter,com.jme3.cinematic.TimeLine,com.jme3.animation.PoseTrack,com.jme3.material.MatParamOverride,com.jme3.font.BitmapCharacterSet,org.dyn4j.dynamics.joint.AngleJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.HingeJointInfo,com.jme3.cinematic.KeyFrame,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ConstraintSolverData,com.jme3.effect.influencers.NewtonianParticleInfluencer,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.ContactSolver,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactConstraintSolver,com.jme3.shader.Glsl150ShaderGenerator,com.jme3.shader.ShaderSource,com.jme3.asset.ShaderNodeDefinitionKey,org.ode4j.ode.internal.OdeFactoryImpl,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.BallAndSocketJointInfo,com.jme3.audio.AudioListenerState,com.jme3.app.DebugKeyListener,com.jme3.opencl.Kernel,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.ContactPoint,org.ode4j.ode.DJoint,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.ContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Capacity,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastResult,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.body.Body,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastResult,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.BodyIterator,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.PersistedContactPoint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.InteractionEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.JointEdge,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxWorldProcessMemArena,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.dmemestimate_fn_t,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectListener,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.constraint.FixedJointInfo,org.ode4j.ode.internal.Common,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.collision.BodyIndexPair,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.Constraint,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ConvexCastListener,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DestructionAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastBroadphaseFilter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.RaycastAdapter,org.dyn4j.dynamics.ContactEdge,org.dyn4j.dynamics.DetectBroadphaseFilter,org.ode4j.ode.BodyMoveCallBack,net.smert.jreactphysics3d.engine.Impulse,com.jme3.animation.Rotation,com.jme3.input.AbstractJoystick,org.dyn4j.collision.narrowphase.Sat,org.dyn4j.geometry.Convex,com.jme3.input.Joystick,org.ode4j.ode.DSapSpace,org.dyn4j.geometry.Rotatable,org.ode4j.ode.internal.processmem.DxIslandsProcessingCallContext,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.Contact,com.jme3.effect.ParticleMesh,com.jme3.font.LetterQuad,com.jme3.font.StringBlock,com.jme3.font.Letters,org.dyn4j.collision.AxisAlignedBounds,org.dyn4j.dynamics.contact.TimeOfImpactSolver], [StaticPassLightingLogic(C),write,read,counterClockwise,read,generate,clone,getLitGeometriesInViewPort,computeFromPoints,generateParallel,getMaterial,normalize,LightProbe(C),rotate,scaleTextureCoordinates,set,updateListenerParam,isVelocityFromTranslation,getRotation,read,getVelocity,write,write,AmbientLight(C),setRotation,EmitterMeshVertexShape(C),setVelocity,setRotateSpeed,setGeometry,findMinMax,validateInputData,setMeshes,duUpdateGeometryNormals,setMaterial,getType,random,write,checkCulling,getRadius,getRadius,read,read,write,getDirection,generateOrthonormalBasis,multLocal,SinglePassLightingLogic(C),getRotation,contains,createMass,updateLength,write,rotate,read,TriangleData(C),TriangleAxisComparator(C),getCenter,read,write,getYMonotonePolygons,createCapsule,render,duUpdateGeometryTextures,gim_aabbset_alloc,cloneForSpatial,getRotation,isClosestPointInternalToTriangle,ccdGeomToObj,updateWorldBound,__ccdGJK,ccdPtEdgeVec3,calcScreenArea,computeLocalInertiaTensor,GetVertex,build,getMaximum,createVector3Buffer,HeightFieldTriangle(C),getVertices,updateGeometry,build,getNumVerticesOfFace,gim_trimesh_set_tranform,addPoint,getNumFaces,getNormalImpulse,createSky,SinglePassAndImageBasedLightingLogic(C),testCollision,setCamera,setCamera,createTriangulation,setPixel,getPixel,hasHalfFloat,getEdgeCount,read,contains,clone,DxHeightfieldData(C),getEdgeTo,getRadius,computeLocalInertiaTensor,DxTrimeshHeightfield(C),getPrevious,DVector3Tovec3f,read,dGeomRaySetNoNormalize,write,CALC_CAPSULE_AABB,DxGimpact(C),decompose,updatePositions,read,isZero,raycast,toString,add,inverse,getMagnitudeSquared,dotCol,isUnit,length,lengthSquared,computeLocalInertiaTensor,lengthSquared,dotCol,write,SetupInitialContext,getTextureMode,cleanup,collide,gim_trimesh_sphere_collision,dColliderFn,updatePositions,dCollideSTL,dCollideSphereBox,dCollideRaySphere,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderSphere,dCollideSphereSphere,getTargetVertexIndex,dColliderFn,initializeConstraints,setParams,addContact,setGeometryData,Eigen3f(C),getI,checkCulling,updateShadowCams,setMaxVerticalRotation,update,dPlaneSpace,link,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,collideWith,addOccluders,computeZFar,dColliderFn,EDGE_EDGE_TEST,last,onShaderUse,EPAAlgorithm(C),compare,getRotation,read,write,read,broadPhaseNotifyRemovedOverlappingPair,write,duplicateCubeMap,setGenerationParam,interpolateNurbs,setInverseRotationRadians,ACCUM_SCALE_MATRIX_3X3,controlRender,IsPointInPolygon,VertexInfo(C),setGenerationParam,rotate,getAxes,rotate,getShadowCamera,postFrame,write,getModelBindInverseTransform,computeTargetDirection,setKeyframes,write,initialize,WireFrustum(C),write,createCatmullRomMesh,write,read,Arrow(C),read,setTexture,CubeMapWrapper(C),EmitterMeshConvexHullShape(C),read,addKeyFrameTransform,setTexture,setKeyframes,getDownRotateOnCloseViewOnly,parseVector3,applyVelocityVariation,collideWith,mapJoystick,write,deepClone,measureAngle2,getInfo2,updateUniformBindings,setVelocityVariation,setVelocityVariation,checkMotionAllowed,getVelocityVariation,FOO2,dCollideTrimeshPlane,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderPlane,setConvex,dVector3LengthSquare,createTransmissionJoint,getPointDepth,getI,setOffsetRotation,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideHeightfield,space_geom_collider,CONSTRUCTPLANE,AllocateODEDataForThreadForMode,dCollideTTL,CollideLocal,collide,collide2,collide,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dQuadTreeSpaceCreate,getRotation,dCollideHeightfieldZone,collideGeomsNoAABBs,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideRayConvex,dColliderFn,CONSTRUCTPLANE,dCollideRTL,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,dCollideCylinderBox,dBodyGetMass,dCollideCylinderTrimesh,write,write,CLIP_TRI_POINTS_BY_TRI_EDGE_PLANES,distanceToCam,gim_trimesh_ray_collision,detect,detect,Fixture(C),BodyFixture(C),cleanProbes,BroadphaseItem(C),contains,computeHashCode,outside,compareTo,hashCode,isAllowed,hashCode,hasNext,isOutside,isAllowed,update,isAllowed,outside,rotateAboutCenter,run,dMakeRandomVector,dMakeRandomVector,call,FetchTransformedTriangle,resetTriangleListSize,updateShaderUniforms,WrappedIndexBuffer(C),call,VirtualIndexBuffer(C),FetchTriangleCount,call,contains,write,collideWith,dColliderFn,dColliderFn,GIM_CALC_KEY_CONTACT,duUpdateGeometryTextures,getRadius,getRadius,getPointDepth,getPointDepth,distance,GIM_RADIX_SORT_RTOKENS,setMode,DxRagdollBoneConfig(C),AABB(C),rotateAboutCenter,getPointDepth,DxRagdollBody(C),getTimeOfImpact,createTriangulation,getRadius,_InitCylinderTrimeshData,dCollideCapsulePlane,computeLocalInertiaTensor,computeLocalInertiaTensor,CollisionBody(C),computeNextAvailableBodyID,testCollision,getMode,iterator,getBody2,isActive,getEstimatedCollisionPairs,testCollision,isActive,addObject,reallocatePairs,updateObject,getReactionForce,dColliderFn,getInertia,integrateRigidBodiesVelocities,write,getCursorPosition,dSolveLCP,applyImpulse,read,_cldTestSeparatingAxes,distanceToCam,createCopy,getNormal,run,setIsSleeping,updateUniformBindings,witness,ccdVec3Set,findPenetrSegment,run,ccdQuatSetAngleAxis,ccdSupportCopy,ccd_vec3_t(C),run,v,GJKAlgorithm(C),dColliderFn,step,deleteShaderSource,LightControl(C),VEC_SCALE,getInfo2,dJointCreateTransmission,dotColCol,dMultiply1,dRFromAxisAndAngle,equals,Matrix2x2(C),equals,isEq,dIsPositiveDefinite,computeSkewSymmetricMatrixForCrossProduct,dQfromR,setOrientation,glGetShader,glAttachShader,R,triangulate,write,TST1,getFormatsForCaps,dColliderFn,dCollideCapsuleCapsule,dCollideConvexCapsule,dColliderFn,updateGeometry,updateGeometry,clearSetByCurrentMaterial,dGeomRaySet,newBodiesIndexPair,postSolveNotify,newBodiesIndexPair,removeObject,update,collision,updateAndNotify,collision,collision,getFrictionImpulse2,collision,attachChild,JointInfo(C),write,adjustMass,dJointGetDHingeAxis,solvePositionContraints,dxQuickStepIsland_Stage3,dxStepIsland_Stage3,solveVelocityConstraints,toString,setAnchor,dJointSetUniversalAxis2Offset,getReactionForce,initializeConstraints,setAxis,setNumAxes,solveVelocityConstraints,setAnchor,solveVelocityConstraints,dJointSetPRAxis2,setAnchor,dJointSetHingeAxis,getGeometry,detachChildAt,add,onMaterialChange,compare,makeCurrent,setGeometryComparator,SkeletonDebugger(C),Quad(C),reload,compare,setAxes,isEnabledAndDynamic,dJointSetFixed,updateTargetDistance,warmstart,initParticleData,getScenes,visit,setAnchor,read,filterLights,registerProbe,registerProbe,registerBinding,initialize,write,loadFpsText,solvePositionConstraints,warmstart,createLumShaders,onStop,getRotation,getShaderParamDefineId,computeGlobalAxes,setJ1aCrossMatrix,DVector3RowTView(C),setAnchor,setMinMax,getLengths,R,setAnchor2,equals,getNormal,dInternalHandleAutoDisabling,impulseToForce,setAxis,updateParticleData,setAnchor,getInfo2,dJointGetPUAngle1Rate,set,setAxis,setAxis,DVector3ColView(C),write,hashCode,setNumAxes,getI,getPlaceholderMaterial,notifyParamChanged,makeCurrent,setEnabled,read,enqueueCinematicEvent,loadGuiFont,collide,getInfo2,initializeConstraints,warmstart,getJoints,generatePbrMaps,addLimot,cloneForSpatial,write,read,loadFont,setSpatial,StatsView(C),cloneForSpatial,cloneForSpatial,SnapshotJob(C),initEvent,visit,read,write,cloneForSpatial,loadFont,read,MotionTrack(C),AnimationTrack(C),write,,read,read,createSimpleClone,uploadSubTexture,LastTextureState(C),getPassMaterial,clone,postProcess,printArgsTexParameter,read,glFramebufferTextureLayer,checkSetTexture,setShader,bindImage,read,read,getTexture,glFramebufferTextureLayer,,write,write,write,write,BlendFactor(C),JobListener(C),addMaterialParam,Shader(C),BitmapFont(C),InstanceTypeKey(C),equals,,MaterialKey(C),setAlignment,postQueue,reload,createClone,,getRotationTransform,warmstart,controlUpdate,generateDeclarationAndMainBody,solve,getInfo2,solveVelocityConstraints,read,isAllowed,isVarying,init,reset,,AssignIslandSelection,BuildIslandsAndEstimateStepperMemoryRequirements,Island(C),ConstraintSolver(C),exportJoints,dxStepperStage0JointsCallContext(C),DxSingleIslandCallContext(C),getType,getVertexUniforms,clone,getDefinition,VariableMapping(C),getSpeed,getFixture1,initEvent,AbstractCinematicEvent(C),SliderJointInfo(C),initEvent,read,write,readList,read,clone,getCapsule,read,write,read,getCapsule,write,write,read,merge,solveVelocityConstraints,HingeJointInfo(C),trigger,ConstraintSolverData(C),clone,applySplitImpulse,solveVelocityContraints,generateStartOfMainSection,getType,ShaderNodeDefinitionKey(C),checkWorld,BallAndSocketJointInfo(C),render,onAction,setArg,getBody2,getBody,setFrictionImpulse2,setFixture,Capacity(C),ConvexCastResult(C),getBodyID,setBody,destroyed,remove,PersistedContactPoint(C),InteractionEdge(C),JointEdge(C),AllocateArrayDxBody,dxEstimateMemoryRequirements,allow,FixedJointInfo(C),dUASSERT,BodyIndexPair(C),allow,allow,toString,allow,allow,destroyed,isAllowed,allow,ContactEdge(C),isAllowed,run,Impulse(C),Rotation(C),getAxis,detect,getAxes,getAxes,AXES(C),rotate,ThreadedProcessJobStart,getTangentialImpulse,updateParticleData,isLineWrap,setAlignment,update,isOutside,solve]}
}
